


Deviants: Rio Grande

by 15tygu79



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure
Language: English
Status: Completed
Published: 2014-04-02
Updated: 2014-04-02
Packaged: 2018-10-24 04:19:58
Rating: T
Chapters: 1
Words: 3,650
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/3190586/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/959844/15tygu79
Summary: President Blackwood craves his day as a hitman and uses his past and his friends to end the drug cartels of Mexico.





	Deviants: Rio Grande

Blackwood's log: Nine years after the events of World War Three, Asia is still an inhospitable wasteland, and the two terms of Madame President Kennedy Fry has past. I on the other hand have become president along with my friend Alex Walmer as my Vice President. Blackwood's log: March 18th, 2045 Today is the monthly cabinet meeting. The cabinet I have chosen is; another one of my high school friends Richard Stroker as my Secretary of War, ex- President Kennedy Fry as my Secretary of Defense, and two of Alex's buddies from Ranger Camp for the rest of the cabinet. I still prefer no bugs, so I keep our meeting in the very room concealed in the Oval Office where I revealed myself to Alex and Kennedy. I walked in and everyone was already there. "Alright guys lets get this meeting started. " I sat down and asked "Dick, what's conflicts are between us?" Dick replied "well the only countries having problems are in Latin America. Our main issue is immigrate problems between us and Mexico, I recommend a plan of action. I replied "what is our budget?" One Alex's friends replied "two hundred thirty million." I sighed I had a plan to build a giant brick wall like the Chinese did when Mongolia was giving them problems. Then have National Guard Snipers on top panned out the entire border. Yet there's not enough money to do so. Blackwood's log: March 19th, 2045 I am standing on a stage about to give my weekly address. "Hey guys I was wondering if you people could personally help out on a project. If you Americans donate $100 each we can stop illegal immigration from Mexico. I plan to recreate what China did by building the Great Wall of America. Call the White House if your interested. Or I call onto the Prime Minister of Canada and the President of Mexico and have agreements for a North American Union. If we combine wealth we will be stronger and won't have to deal with immigration problems. " Blackwood's log: March 21st, 2045 The American people denied my proposition. I now hate being President. I have little real power and anywhere I go the SS is there. I miss the old days where me and Alex were soldiers. So an idea popped into my head. The Hero Act in stated in 2035 by Kennedy hasn't been repealed. Even though Ex President Jackson didn't do anything with it I could bring two new heroes into the spotlight. Then me and Alex will sneak out of the country, me and him will get the blood, but the new heroes will get the glory. Blackwood's log: March 22nd, 2045 A meeting in the secret room of the Oval Office, I address my cabinet. "Ok I HATE being President. I have no personal freedom and when I try to help out the country they reject my help. So I have an idea, my proposition of a union between us, Canada, and Mexico has been supported by our nation and Prime Minister Finkelstein. But President Pablo Martinez has denied it, yet clearly it is due to gang activity. From an Internet survey the Mexican people are for the union. Clearly the gangs ruling Mexico are trying to keep the country a no mans land. So I say I redeploy the Hero Act." Alex asked "How will this help us get the union?" I replied "if we infiltrate the Capitol and kill off the gangs the people will rule and not need to hop our borders." Kennedy asked "who will replace you two?" I said "simple Kennedy you are being the "Leader" me, Alex, and two other soldiers will fight, while you be the unofficial President." Alex asked "who will be the other two?" I relied "Jack Smith and Richard Stroker." Richard was surprised "why me?" I replied "Dick you are a good fighter yourself. And with me, Alex, and Jack on your side we can do this." Dick nodded and I said "Now I being President can't leave the White House and do this. So I have called the CIA and they are having a brain dead clone be sprouted. (Bought from my own pocket) it will be placed in my bed as though I were sick. Alex on the other hand is going to be "spending" time at the Presidential summer camp. We will than infiltrate Mexico City and put an end to the drug cartel's." The whole cabinet was shocked at my idea. But Alex put his hand on my shoulder and said "let's do it." Blackwood's log: March 23rd, 2045 At the presidential stage in front of the White House I administer my speech. "Citizens of America, I am here to announce that I have heard the voices of our southern neighbors of Mexico. They have "declined" our offer of Union, but an Internet poll shows otherwise. The drug cartels of Mexico are keeping the country a wasteland. Which is why we have illegal immigration problems. So I am redeploying the Hero Act of President Fry. My new bounty hunters are... Jack Smith and Richard Stroker." Blackwood's log: March 25th, 2045 The plan has been commenced; my clone is in my bed and Alex is "attending" summer camp. Me, Alex, Jack, and Dick were standing at the Mexican- American border. Dick is armed with two stocked German machine Lugers, and is wearing a black leather officer's hat, a face mask to cover his mouth, boots, and trench coat. Jack is armed with a 9mm Beretta and is wearing a white tuxedo. Alex, who can't be wearing the same military fatigues is wearing a brown duster and a gas mask and is armed with a crossbow and machete. I also couldn't wear my old hat and trench coat, so i am wearing a gray cutoff sleeved sweatshirt with the hood up, a camo pair of pants, and bandanna around my mouth, black converse Chuck Taylor's, and a white T- shirt, and is armed with two 9mm AP pistols, and a combat knife. "So when are we crossing?" Asked Jack. I replied "I have a couple of friends coming with us. We need to wait for them." A coupon of minutes later a yellow civilian Hummer drove up to us. A couple of Marines stepped out, I said "ahh here they are. Gentlemen this is Private Jester and Private Snowflake." Dick asked "why do we need to Marines with us? You and Alex could handle this yourselves if you wanted to." I replied "I don't believe in classification so these two Marines are reporters. They are only armed with pistols as we are the fighters. But they are recording our adventure, at the end of it we will reveal ourselves on camera and by the push of a button the footage will be sent to youtube." "What's out code names?" Asked Alex. I said "Dick you are Adolf Schindler, Jack you are Dale Gordon, Alex you are Vault Noble, and I am Thomas Quartermane. . /president-blackwood-and-vp-walmer-stop-mexican-cartels/ Marines Pvt. Snowflake camera: 1 "Quartermane the cameras are up" said Pvt. Jester. Quartermane nodded and said to the camera "people of America I am Thomas Quartermane, and this is Vault Noble, Dale Gordon, and Adolf Schindler. We will be stopping the Mexican- American immigration problem. After this mission we will be reveal our actual identities." Dale Gordon waved the four into the Hummer and broke through the border fence. Driving through Schindler asked "vat is das plan to end das gangs?" Quartermane replied "simple, I have a list of good cops in Mexico we are getting Jorge Juarrezz. He will be able to find the gang operations anonymously." 1300 hrs. At the Mexico City limits they drove up to an orphanage, in front of the building was a nun. "Hola, Señor Juarezz will see you now." They stepped out of the Hummer and headed into the orphanage. Inside was large room of beds, a man in the center of the room by a sleeping girl waited for them. "Buenos Dias Señors. I hope you will help us, Mexico's economy is terrible. My daughter here can't live with me, for I can't afford it." "Don't worry we will. Now where can we find the Mexican drug cartel hideouts?" Asked Quartermane. Jorge replied "there are tres cartels in Mexico. The Sinola, the Tijuana, and the Guadalajara cartels. The Sinola is the small time chronic selling gang, while the Tijuana sell prostitute rings. And the pinnacle of the cartels is the Guadalajara Cartel, they sell everything from; hookers, weed, crank, hired guards, and even help immigrants cross the border by submarine. The three gangs work as a union making President Martinez their puppet." "So which gang should we attack first?" Asked Gordon. Jorge replied "you guys won't be under the Syndicate's radar if you attack the Sinolas. But they will notice you when they are all gone, so be ready." "Where are the Sinolas?" Asked Vault Noble Jorge said "they have a warehouse in Baja California. They stay in a big group together, so they can be massacred quickly." The men left and drove off for Baja California. At March 27th, 2045, 900hrs. They made it their destination. The four got out of their Hummer and hid behind a large boulder near the warehouse. "Ok what's the plan?" Asked Gordon. Quartermane replied "we are having Vault Noble do recon on the building as he is more stealthy. Pvt. Jester go with him. Marines Pvt. Jester Camera: 2 activated Vault Noble un- holstered his crossbow and went around the back way of the warehouse. At a windowless corner of the warehouse Vault Noble took cover. He peered around to see two guards. As opposed to the four in the front. They were armed with simple Glocks. He walked to a window to look in, revealing thirty six more gangsters. Half of them were farming weed, while the others were standing guard, armed with KG9s. Vault Noble ran back. "All right there are six armed guards outside. They're carrying Glocks, four in the front and two in the back. Inside are sixteen men with KG9s and sixteen pot farmers. It seems pretty easy to take them out" said Vault Noble. Quartermane announced "alright here's the plan. Vault Noble, you take out the guards in the back, while Gordon you drive up go the front. Doing so Vault Noble will sneak in and hide. Gordon, you will drive up to the building and honk as though you want to buy weed. Then me and Schindler will pop out of the back seats and open fire. As this is happening Vault Noble will set fire to the whole ware house and kill of the pot farmers. Pvt. Jester go with Vault Noble and Pvt. Snowflake come with us." The gang broke up and headed for their required areas. Vault Noble returned to the back of the building and fired an arrow in the head of one of the guards. Then he threw his machete at the other. As he snuck in Vault Noble hid behind a water trough. Camera 1 activated Marines Pvt. Snowflake Dale Gordon drove around the boulder and parked square i front of the warehouse. He honked three times making a guard walk up. He asked "what you want essé?" Gordon pulled his pistol out and shot him in the face. As the gun sound faded Thomas Quartermane and Adolf Schindler opened fire on the other two guards. Camera 2 Marines Pvt. Jester The other guards ran out, leaving the pot farmers to their fates. Vault Noble took seize of the opportunity and grabbed a lighter in a nearby counter. He light the first row of weed and kept moving on, continuously stabbing random pot farmers that saw him. Unfortunately one farmer threw dirt in his mask vents, forcing him to remove his mask. Camera 1 Marines Pvt. Snowflake There were three waves of gangsters, but they didn't stand a chance. At about five minutes later the building became an inferno. Stumbling out was Pvt. Jester and Vault Noble, they both fell on the ground. Vault Noble raised a fist in the air and said "we did it... Man!" Quartermane chuckled and said "good work! Now get in the car." Pvt. Jester said "but we are in the car." At 900 hrs. On April 2nd, 2045 they spent the night at the orphanage and are parting, once more. Thankfully Jorge gave them a gift of a Ford Excursion. Since the Hummer had bullet holes all over the front. The Tijuanas were next, unfortunately they had hired mercenaries on their side. They were stationed at Cancun, making millions of Pesos on spring breakers. Their headquarters are at the Sierra Madre hotel. At 1200 hrs. The four sat at the free parking lot in front of the Sierra Madre. It was beautiful building, it had classic Spanish architecture and had a four star restaurant. But there were mercenaries at all parts of the building. "So how do we beat this fortress?" Asked Gordon. Vault Noble replied "easy, Pvt. Jester is a vacationing young Marine and needs to use the bathroom. He then pulls a fire alarm, causing the evacuation of the guests and the merc's will stay inside. During this we will sneak in the back. Agreed?" Everyone nodded. Retina Cam 1 Marines Pvt. Jester Pvt. Jester walked into the Sierra Madre. He walked up to the front desk and with a slurred voice said "heyy man I gots ta use it. Where's the pisser?" The receptionist rolled her eyes saying "down the hall and to the left sir." Pvt. Jester stumbled towards the restroom and saw a fire alarm and began to pull it. Camera 2 Marines Pvt. Snowflake Due to an arrow in the knee and a snap of the neck the guard at the back entrance had been taken out. At the sound of the fire alarm the three ran in. "Schindler head to the ballroom, Vault Noble and Gordon head for the lobby, I'll go for the Penthouse" shouted Quartermane. Camera 1 Marines Pvt. Snowflake At the ballroom there were eleven mercenaries heading for him. As they approached Schindler pulled out his stocked Lugers and shouted "Sie heil!" Schindler rapid fired on to all of gangsters. After each of them fell, one of them lived. As he spit blood Schindler put down his guns and walked to him. "Tú... Tú... Nazi Bastard!" Adolf Schindler smiled and replied with complete eye contact "auf wiedersehen" then stuck his thumb into the gangster's eye socket and dug around. The gangster shouted in agony until he died. Camera 2 Marines Pvt. Jester At the lobby was a firefight; Vault Noble firing explosive tip arrows at incoming gangsters and Gordon firing headshot after headshot. Vault Noble chased after a group of three gangsters, but they hid behind a steel door to a janitor's closet. He then fired three arrows at once towards the hinges. Making the door fall on top of them, he walked up to the three squirming gangsters. Vault Noble pulled out an arrow, set the explosive to fifteen seconds and jammed it into the back of the center gangster's head. Back at the lobby Dr. Spheelnixen and the others got back together. "Alright lets head to the Penthouse for Quartermane." Said Vault Noble. Blackwood's log: April 2nd, 2045 I took the elevator for the Penthouse. I knew that I was alone, but was ready for anything, I took out my 9mm AP's and prepared for the fight. The elevator went DING, signaling for the battle. As the elevator opened up it revealed the large Penthouse. It was a single room that was enormous, but it looked empty. I walked in with my guns pointed out, but there was no one. So I decided to walk back to the elevator, but then I heard a putt and a pain in my neck. As I passed out I heard a voice saying "American infidels." . /saving-President-Blackwood/ The three went up to the Penthouse to find it empty. Vault Noble shouted "Thomas Quartermane!" But Dale Gordon looked down to find a syringe dart. He said "Guys I think they got him." At 1500 hrs. The gang drove up to the Orphanage to ask Jorge some questions. "So this is horse tranquilizer. Clearly the Guadalajaras got him. Listen you need to get him, before they do unspeakable things to him, you can do it though. They reside at the Mexico City Convention Center. Blackwood's log: April, 2045 I woke up in a room, but not sure where or what day it is. I am tied down to a chair and am hungry. I scanned the room, it resembled a Janitor's closet due to the cleaning equipment and work bench. Sometime had passed when a Mexican man walked into the room. He was of average height, and had a handlebar mustache. "Hola I am Alakbar Ortiz, So Holmes you and your crew have been making changes here in Mexico huh. Well this place es a wasteland by OUR choice! We don't want you Americans changing that. We knew when..." He ripped off my bandanna. "...You El Presidente Blackwood, that if we made a Union with Estados Unidos their military will come here to ruin everything we worked hard for!" As he spoke he backhanded me across my face. . /saving-President-Blackwood/ April 5th, 2045 900 hrs. From intel by a straggler Guadalajara, Thomas Quartermane is in a Janitor's closet on the third floor of the North side of the building. Hiding at the MCPD the three are discussing how to save Quartermane. Gordon said "all right I have a plan. The MCPD will offer us a tricked out police S.U.V. We ramp up to the 3rd floor, and Dr. Spheelnixen you shoot an RPG at the North wall. Then using explosives in the trunk we will blow the building to kingdom come. As the explosives happen we will parachute out of the building. Any questions?" No one did. So at 1300 hrs. On the Mexico City freeway Dale Gordon floored it for the ramp. At two hundred feet in the air Schindler sat out the window and shouted "Shlajharr!" Then fired an RPG at the North wall. Blackwood's log: April, 2045 Ortiz just finished electrocuting me. "So Blackwood, why are you doing this?" Asked Ortiz while he was wiping his hands for more torture. "A union needs to start with the North American superpowers" I replied "Heh heh no I mean why is el Presidente o el Estados Unidos fighting gangs in Mexico?" Asked Ortiz. "Being President sucks I get no personal freedom and the secret service is everywhere." I said. Ortiz replied "So you just think that you will gain freedom by stopping me? You are faking illness, meaning you lied. When you return you will be impeached." A feeling of dread came over me as Ortiz walked back over to me with a pair of pliers. All of a sudden a large crash from another room shook the closet. In the confusion I sat up on my chair and broke the chair against a wall. Ortiz tried to attack me, but I punched him in the Adam's apple and he fell to the ground. I tackled him and grabbed the pliers. I grabbed his nose with the pliers and ripped it off, then I ripped out his two front teeth and shoved them up his nasal cavities. As he struggled I got up and reached into a med- kit on the workbench, to find an adrenaline needle. He was about to get up, but I kicked him in his remaining teeth and stabbed him in the heart. He jumped up, completely insane and jumped out of a window. . /saving-President-Blackwood/ The front of the car stuck into the building, Gordon shot down the windshield and everyone crawled out of the car. Gangsters came for them, Gordon and Shindler fired at them. Sneaking through the fire fight Vault Noble found the Janitor's closet. As he entered he saw a noseless gangster. Sprinting out of the three story window. "Wow what happened here?" Asked Vault Noble. Quartermane glared at him implying he isn't ready to talk. Gordon and Shindler ran in, "ve has to go!" Shouted Dr. Scheelnixen. Gordon tossed Quartermane a parachute and they jumped out of the building. Just as the bomb went off. At the bottom, was the entire Mexican Army and President Pablo Martinez. "Hola Americanos, we would like to say gracias for ending the Syndicate's reign. I promeso that I will never allow corruption from gangs again." Thomas Quartermane replied "you're welcome, I hope that this means that you will accept the the union offer, between the U.S. and Canada?" Martinez replied "Sí" Quartermane shook hands and said "thank you." He then looked in the camera and said removing his bandanna and pulling down his hood "people of the internet, it is time to reveal ourselves. I am really President Hector Blackwood." Vault Noble then said removing his gas mask "and I am Vice President Walmer." Then Adolf Schindler removed his hat and face mask to say "and I am Secretary of War Richard Stroker." And Dale Gordon said "and as most of you can tell I don't have a mask or anything, but I am the Presidential Driver, Jack Smith." End of Video Blackwood's log: April 17th, 2045 Back at D.C. Alex and I luckily weren't impeached. Also Kennedy kept down the fort making sure America remained stable. Also a precedent was created, since of my valor. As long as I am in the District of Columbia and carry a concealed weapon, I can roam free without the secret service on my back. And the youtube videos have billions of views, showing how powerful four Americans can be. The End 


End file.
