


Phoenix

by 110Million



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2010-11-15
Updated: 2010-11-15
Packaged: 2018-08-26 09:52:56
Rating: T
Chapters: 1
Words: 1,743
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2864817/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/745164/110Million
Summary: Loved by good! Feared by Evil! The Phoenix is the very latest super hero to protect and serve the people of Puerto Rico! Witness this fierce warrior's never ending battle against the tyrranous forces of Evil!





	

Phoenix

Chapter 1: From the Ashes!

She had been brutally killed. As the blood spilled away from the young, beautiful corpse, her attacker trembled whilst sitting down in a corner, counting away the sixty seven cents he had stained his hands for. His every organ long since turned useless and polluted, the man counts to see if the stolen money would be enough to feed his coke habit…

"Young Woman Killed, Fifth Murder of the Month…" young Felix Mirada Rivera read the newspaper in his faculty library. He sighs, exasperated at the high crime rate of his home country of Puerto Rico. He skims through the report, disinterested in reading about yet another murder. "For a country with so many super heroes, it sure doesn't feel safe these days."

Felix walks over to the library's head desk, returns the newspaper, and signs the assistance sheet. He looks at his watch. It is 10:14 AM, far too early for lunch, five more hours until class. Exasperated, he checks his homework assignments. Though it was his first week of college, he always took his work seriously. He decides that his apartment would be a far better place to study.

"So much crime these days…" Felix thinks to himself, as he walks back towards his apartment. "I mean…what the hell's going on these days?"

On the way, he sees his friend, Pablo. They walk together towards their apartments. Suddenly, a scream! Felix and Pablo stop dead in their tracks. Felix searches for his cellphone, but finds that he is not currently carrying it. Never one to think ahead, he rushes towards the source of the scream.

"Dude, come back! Don't get involved, you could get killed!" Pablo screams, to no avail. He looks around him, seeing many, many people that had stopped as well. "Doesn't anyone have a phone? Is no one going to call the police?"

A dark alley, where an old drug addict was leering on top of a defenseless young woman. Shiv in hand, he grabs her purse, digging through her possessions in search of money. She tries to fight back, but he grabs her face and smashes it against the alley wall. Feeling attracted to the woman, he unzips his fly, takes of his pants, and uses his shiv to cut away her shorts. That was when he felt someone tackle him, knocking him away from his victim.

"Hey, you ok?" Felix kneels down next to the unconscious girl. He tries waking her up, to no avail. That was when the drug addict got up again.

"My money!!!" The addict takes his shiv, and strikes Felix. Felix dodges the attack, barely. If he had any sense, he'd run away at that moment. Instead, Felix decides to stand up for himself…

"A cellphone! Someone lend me a cell phone!" Pablo frantically begs. None of the bystanders, however, would lend him their phone.

"A call to 911 would really damper my phone bill." A blonde girl wearing a pink skirt, white top and far too much make-up said.

"If you called using MY phone, the cops would have to call ME as a witness if an arrest is made." A business man explains. "Besides, I'm sure it's nothing."

"But…" Pablo is flabbergasted. "Is there NO ONE who could lend a phone?"

Meanwhile…

Felix lands a solid punch to the addict's face. Feeling like a hero, he delivers a swift uppercut to the addict's chin, knocking him back. The addict, however, too doped on drugs to feel any pain, merely picks himself up, shiv in hand. He slashes away at Felix, who manages to dodge most of the attacks thanks to his boxing training from High School. However, a quick stab in the gut is enough to halt all illusions of grandeur for the 18 year old college freshman.

Felix screams in pain. As his mouth fills with the awful copper taste of blood, he feels said liquid ooze out from his stomach. As he staggers around, trying to make sense of what he had done whilst trying to prevent more blood from escaping his body, he feels another stab. He screams as the addict drives the shiv down his shoulder. As the world around becomes darker and colder, the last thing Felix sees is the addict digging around his pockets, looking to take his wallet.

Surrounded by darkness, Felix succumbs to his sorrow, regretting acting like a hero. Suddenly, Felix sees a bright, golden light. He covers his eyes, and hears a feminine laugh.

"My, my. I give you an A for effort, but an F for common sense." The voice is haughty yet posh. The bright golden light dims down, and Felix sees its source: a golden flame.

"What is this?" Felix marvels the flame. He watches in astonishment as the flame gathers itself up, transforming into a bird.

"Hello Felix. Congratulations on dying like a scrub." The bird laughs at Felix's shocked expression. "Yes, you died."

"You can talk!!!"

"And you are quite good at stating the obvious. Yes, I can talk. For a dead man, you certainly are panicky."

"I'M DEAD?" Felix kneels down, too shocked to do anything else.

"Yes. You wanted to be a hero, and you became a hero…" The bird thinks that one through. "Actually, you didn't. You became the idiot who took on some crack head with a pointy object using nothing but your fists. For your troubles, you got killed. Also, your wallet got stolen. And after that crack head is done raping that girl, and killing her, he's going to urinate on your corpse."

The bird sees that Felix has curled up into a ball. She tries to get his attention by tapping his leg with her talons. It doesn't work.

"Ok, ok. I have an idea. Since you're so emo as to actually mope around due to any silly inconvenience, like dying, I will do you a favor. I will bring you back to life."

"What?" Felix looks at the bird. "How?"

"Kid, I'm the Phoenix. Coming back to life is what I do. Of course, you and I will be sharing your body."

"Why?"

"Part of my conditions. You really think I'm doing this for free?"

"I suppose…" Felix gets up. "I don't want to die yet, Phoenix. Please, help me."

"Ha-ha! I see you are also foolish enough to not ask questions!" The Phoenix laughs. "That one will certainly come to bite you in the ass in the long run. Oh well, no take backs! Here we go!"

A bright, golden light consumes Felix. As soon as he opens his eyes, he finds himself in that same alleyway, with that same drug addict. He was grunting, penetrating that girl from earlier.

"Swine!!! Get off her!!!" Felix gets up, feeling far more energized than ever before. The addict looks behind him, and his eyes fill with terror at seeing the man he had killed just rise up again. The addict picks up his shiv, and once more tries to stab Felix. However, a golden flame emanated around Felix, burning off the addict's hand.

"What the..?" Felix marvels at the flame that surrounded him.

"Consider it rent payment." The Phoenix's voice echoed in his head. "You and I will share the same body. In return, I lend you all my powers, free for you to use. How's that?"

"Why would you share your powers with me?" Felix communicates telepathically.

"Honestly? Because it is rare to find someone who will put himself in danger for the sake of a complete stranger." The Phoenix speaks with total honesty. "I know you will make good use of these powers. Want to try something cool? Let's fuse your spirit energy with mine, and see what happens."

The golden flames engulf Felix. Once they dissipate, they reveal him wearing a fantastic costume! Orange Gloves, Orange boots, a golden helmet with an orange, bill-like visor, a golden cape divided in two parts resembling bird wings, and a half robe bottom made to resemble a quetzal's tail.

"You, who dare injure the innocent, and rob the youth of their LIVES, to feed your vice!" Felix walks towards the addict. His voice was mighty, deep and with a resounding echo. "Your ill-used freedom ends here!"

Undeterred, the addict digs through his shirt pocket, finding his heroin needle. Charging at Felix, he aims to stab him square at the heart. Felix stoically shoots a stream of golden flame from his fingertip to the addict's left hand, causing him to drop the needle as he yells in pain. Felix jumps high into the air, and delivers a swift kick to the addict's head, sending him crashing against the wall. Felix walks over to the girl, and kneels down beside her. He commands a gentle flame to emanate from his palm, and through its magic powers, awakens the girl.

"Miss, you will be ok. I will send you to the hospital right now. Allow me to take you there, personally." He picks her up, and carries her on his arms. He looks over to the addict. "You can expect to have the book thrown at you later."

At that moment, Pablo arrived with some cops. "Felix! Felix, where are…wow…"

Pablo, as well as the cops, stood in awe at the golden warrior that stood in front of them.

"Perfect timing. Please take this girl to the hospital. She is in need of medical attention, so please be gentle with her. Also, arrest this man. He is to be charged with theft, drug abuse, attempted murder, and rape." Felix hands them the girl. He walks over to Pablo, and pats him on the shoulder. "Thank you for bringing these officers here."

"Who are you? Never seen a superhero like you before." One of the cops eyes Felix with suspicion.

After thinking of a name for a minute, Felix confidently walks towards the policeman. "You can call me…the Phoenix!"

He leaps high into the air, and extends his split cape. Acting as a pair wings, his cape allows him to fly across the sky, leaving behind a trail of golden sparks of fire! Flying high across the San Juan skyline, the sun shines gloriously on Puerto Rico's new superhero… The Phoenix!


End file.
