


Kenji darkfire 2: on the road of blood

by 00mariofan4eva00



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2011-12-20
Updated: 2011-12-20
Packaged: 2018-09-17 02:08:57
Rating: M
Chapters: 1
Words: 714
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2981160/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/812647/00mariofan4eva00
Summary: Kenji finaly leaves town aftet he thinks hes a murdererer.





	

Adventuew Or Kenji Darkfire chapter 2 on the road of bloud by 00mariofan4eva00

Kenji was walkin on the road at nite in the middle of the nite. The moon was loking at him in a way of disavointemtnent that he killed the kids under it that fate full day. He told ut to shut up but he was jst goin crazey from bein a thousand yearold murdererer. He was did a sad trear from his deap red eyes filles with regret and sadnass. The wind blown his spikey blue hair in away that made it look like a water fall made of ice that was blue and spikey. His kanana stil had the blod stanes of the children that was killed by the explosion that was made by him ween the damon died. His lether jackat was had some rips on it from fiting and they was to him they was the scars of all the lifes he ruimed. He had to shut his eyes to kep himself from seing his self like a monster. An other tear fals out on his eye in the dirt and then he hears a voice. "hey guy wat u doin out in the road in nite time?" it was a girl with not much cloths on but the cloths she had on was hot and she had pink hare and she had a big gun. "get awaw I mite accidently kill you" "don be sily u liik loke a god guy" "im not." They stands their and then the girls syas "hey im lost from I got kicked out my vilege can I trasvel weith you?" "ok but just stay away of my sword or I might slauter you like a pig on acidenet vbecause im a monster and I don't deseve to live" so they went to find a in to sleap in for the nite for the nite. They sen won out side the forerst it was ran down and made of rotted would. But it was stil a shelter and so they went in but theyre was mean gyus in it. One of the guys gravved the girls boobs but she kicked him and that made the rest of the guysinthere mad. They al jumps up to kill the girl and kenji but kenji insantley went into his mode from styuddying the martalarts al his a thousand years and insantly went into attavk mode. Hi kicked the mall in the head so heard that they was all unconcous and the owner seen it and so did the girld and they was great full. The guy say "hey guy that was cool those guys is ass holes u can both get free rooms I can get u a big bed for sex" and then the girl say "previrt!" so they got 2 difrend 1personbeds. They went in the rom and guirl says "hey I never got ur name" "kenji darkfirde wats youres" "my name is moria oni" and so then they want alsleep and in the morning they hit theroad OF BLOOD.

They woke up in the moring and moria was openen her back pack full ofood and she gave kenji a bread. "I seen u dident had any snack for the road how can you srevive like that with no food on the road?" "u not gona belive me but I don't need food im immortal" "hahah good joke your funy I mite have sex with you if I known you beter and if you dident lock like a girl" and kenji did a angry.

They went and it was a nice day but the road was wet from last night rain so they slipped a little but got theyre feed back on the ground and they walked. But except kenji had his sword out and he fell on the tip and it went in his hart. "no kenji!" moria screams so loud but kenji pult the sowrd back out of his chest hole and puts it in the case and the hole heels. "now you bleive me that im immortal?" she did veliebe him. And she fels save around him to know that he not gona died ans so he can portect her from anything that can stands in there way.


End file.
