


The JDM Skyline

by 14YearOldJDM



Category: Action
Genre: Crime
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2012-02-19
Updated: 2012-02-19
Packaged: 2018-09-19 21:12:27
Rating: T
Chapters: 4
Words: 3,369
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2998437/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/826300/14YearOldJDM
Summary: A story about Blake and his commitment to being number one in the racing scene. Rated T for Language, Violence, Blood, and Mild Sexual Situations.





	1. His first way in

JDM Documentary.

JDM is about Form and Functuality. It is not about putting an exhaust on a Honda or a Park bench on the back of a Silvia and doing donuts on a gravel road, no, it is further than that. It is about people who take pride in their Japanese-oreinted vehicles. People who love to present their cars to others and discuss their somewhat spiritual bonds with their own car. It is weird to know that people tale so much pride in their car's, putting full potential and love into their own vehicle, and hell, some people kiss their steerings wheels goodnight. I will tell you my story about my JDM life style.

I am 23 now, my name is Blake. I was introduced to JDM when i was 12 years old, Fast and the furious. I didn't know what JDM was, i just loved Honda's with big wings and wide body kits, and I loved to see them doing ricer fly bys and doing ricer pulls down a street, I thought it was bad ass. I progressed my JDM life, rememberizing the VTEC acronym before i was 14 and a half. And for you skeptics is it Variable Valve and electronic lift control, if i am not mistaken. Anywho, when i was 16, my parents bought me a cheap EG6 for my birthday. What a sweet fucking 16, right? I was stoked, and the first thing i did was sticker bomb the fenders. Now i was rolling around in a rat rod civic sticker bombed fenders and all, i got deeper. I went under the car and installed a full suspension kit. I adjusted the Camber to Oni-cam, or a Negative Cambr, and it looked so much cleaner, rolling on a 2-3 inch drop, the cambers pointing out wards, mocking the curb and road as it drove by. But something was missing... The speed and exhileration of the ride. When i was 18, i got a Turbo kit for my Honda. It was a 5 Grand kit, saving up for 2 years with alot left over, via, rich parents passed away in a fatal car collision. I was left with over 150 G's in my name. I still lived in the same house, weeping and getting over my parents death but my Father, who originally brought me into the JDM world and life style, wanted me to live life to it's fullest, so i did.

Some time later, I loaded the engine with skunk 2 parts, and i dropped in a K24 engine too, rebuilding the frankenstein, ground up. It was pushing over 670 WHP to all four wheels, and i loved it. I remember taking it to localized JDM meetings, The JDM meeting being very frequent in the Sacremento Area. I soon later bought a bone-stock Skyline R33 GTR. The bitch was fast, but i made her faster soon enough. By the time i Flushed the R33, it looked sweet but took a chunk from my pay roll, but it was rolling on 1000+ Horse Power to the wheels. I was proud and remember taking it to the track. I was 21 when i bought the R33. Now let me slow down the story, catching up the next 2 years post-occupying this life introduction.

Now, this is going to be a story.

I was driving down the Sacremento area, looking for any nice cars cruising around, specifically ones who lingered at stop signs for a long time. I found one, being in my R33, i pulled up next to this Silvia.. But it wasn't an ordinary silvia. It was a SIL80, A Silvia and 180Sx combined. The front had a JDM sleeper look and the back had a Dori-Dori drift look. Flush as fuck, i admit.I rolled down the window.

" You look like you put time into that sil-eighty!" I said to him, stoked.

" Yeah, it was a struggle of blood sweat and tears. " He admitted.

I milked information from him and turns out, it was running the same engine as mine.

"Follow me to the next stop light," He said to me. "We will stop, even if it is green. While it's red, we'll stage and get ready to rumble. When it turns green, first one to reach the next stoplight wins with their pride." He said to me. The casual, mono-tone sound in his voice wasn't very re-assuring either. We pulled, neck and neck, reving our RB26DETT's in uni son, but i noticed... He only had one turbo. I revved, abit more confidently. When the light turned green, we gunned the fuck out of our engines.

We were speeding down the road, and he got the jump on me! he was leading by 2+ car lengths. "Fuck!" I said exhileratingly. I then remembered the one rule, The ones quickest on the jump usually can't endure the long run. I smirked, knowing the stop light wasn't for another mile from here. I then gunned it shifting to fourth, catching his pace. I then met his left quarter panel, and started to match and fore-close his pace from there. My front fender passed his, with glee i rocketed farward. I passed the green light, grinning. I pulled into a Gas station, the Sil-80 close behind me. We got out and started to converse.

Me: "Nice setup there, noticed from the B.O.V surge, you only have one turbine running under there."

Him: "Ch'yeah.I haven't found the replacement for the other one. One of the turbo's bearing rusted and broke, and luckily for me it blew outwards instead of being sucked into the induction chamber."

Me: "Damn right, man. That'd be a shame to see a baeuty like that be broke down."

Him: "Yea'. Hey, If you ever want to throw down with other racer's, we hold regular races out on country rodes. We usually meet up in packs od 30 or so and convoy out there quickly, so no heat tails us out."

Me: "How'd i get into this little event?"

him: "Cell phone number, it's how we always converse about shit'. Look, if you want, throw me ya' number. I gotta jet."

I scribbled down my number on some paper below my name, and gave it to him. "Alright, er, Blake. I'll hit ya' up." He said, getting into the sil-80 and jetting off, as he said. 


	2. Blake's first invite

JDM Documentary

Chapter 2; The new meaning of Oni-Cam -  
Authotrs side note: Getting better with managing my typo's. Minor dislexia at fault.  
-

It was a nice, brisk night as I gazed into the sky. As i fixated on a constellation, my began to ring. I flipped it open to a great surprise. "'Ey, kid, i mean Blake, Head down here to the *Disclosed area, sorry readers*. We will meet up and quickly disperse from there. You got a twenty' minute time gap, now scoot!" and with no furthur explaination he hung up. By the time he hung up, i already trekked out to my garage in my R33.

I sped into the area seeing the convoy lined up, neatly. I pulled to the rear of the convoy and the lead car, which happened to be the Sil80 flashed his hazards and turned them off, and the line systematically flashed their bright back, and when the line reached me, i flashed mine as well. We all drove off from the area, heading off past Sacremento into a more disclosed country side. Every one found a spot on the side of the road, leaving enough space for two competitors. There were various types of music playing from many different cars, and I locked eyes with the most baeutiful woman i'd ever seen, let alone have an urge to meet. She started approaching me before i could make up small talk.

"Boy, I know you're not out here to brag up some one elses car, you don't look tha' type..." Her voice trailing off as she cirlced m e slowly and seductively, checking me out.

"Heh, nah'. I got a Skyline R33 GTR, RB26DETT and everything... Running over one thousand horsepower..." I told her, and a more intrigued, complex vibe was given off to the whole scenario.

"Mhmm... I wanna see you... race... I'll meet you at the line in 10... I'm riding shotgun." She said to me, and walked off before i could even tell her 'Yes'... She really thought i'd deny her?

Anyways, I pulled up to the line, racing against a Boosted K20A2 Honda Civic. It had like a ported rear bumper with holes in it. It did some weird-demon induced burn out and i just opened my door, letting the chick in. After she strapped in the 5 point harness, i then launched to the line, my tires burning heavily. The person waving the race pointed at us, asking if we were ready. We both revved in a positive response. Sending on my two step launch control, i waited until the person waving the race dropped their hands, and when they did, my car jetted off the line. The Honda tried it's best, but despite it's effort, it was dusted off the line. I had a some-what perfect reaction time and they're reaction time was 1.678 Seconds. Mine was comparable to a 400-500 Second reaction time. Then again, the noobies' in the Honda staged their car in neutral, when that really fucks off your reaction timing. Not like it'd matter but, if he stagged in first while ont he clutch, he would've made a better jump on me.

In this mean time, I pulled off into my original spot. Me and this chick engaged a convorsation in my car. "So, what's your name, ." She said giggling. "My name's Blake, and if ya' don't mind me asking, what would yours be?"

"My name would be Alexi.. I'm a regular to these things, so i had to check out a fast newby." She said, trying to emphasize on my noobiness compared to her vetern status.

"I see... I know it's soon and all but i wanted to.." Alexi cut me off in my tracks.

"Look, Blake, i'd love to.. But in order to get to me, you have to go through the best of the best. You beat the top dog..." she trailed off for a second.. "You get me." She whispered into my ear seductively running her finger up my chest. After these words she got out of the car waving back. "Ciao." She said, with some sort of elegance and class.

I continued my night and partied, I raced a few more people, and lost to no one, as when i lined up nothing but tinker toys loved to line up beside me. I went home, and woke up the next day, and I went to work at Pizza Hut. My friend works there and he loves to hear about me and street racing. He is never around for it and neither does he have a car to get there.

"So, I caught wind of you at the Motor Wars last night.." He informed me, acting like i took a roophie and lost all my memory of last night.

"Yeah, nothing too exciting, once ya' get there." I said, slicing a pizza.

"Well, do you think you could take me?" He shortly pleaded, knowing the answer.

"Yeah if you want. Meet me at 7/11 tonight. nine o'clock to be exact." I said to him, in a stern mannor. I knew there were a-bazzilion 7/11's in our area, but there was only one me and Jay visited.

-  
End of chapter. Do not forget to review!  
-


	3. The Chief of Speed

JDM Documentary

Chapter 3: An un-expected visit.

-  
Side note: I know i typo and forget words but please use context clues to figure out what i forgot and i will fix it ASAP! Thank you!  
_

I was off of work, waiting until nine o'clock to pick up Jay and head to the Motor Wars... Just until i heard a knock at my door. I got up to open it, and you'll never guess who. I opened the door, greeting the female in. "Hello, Alexia." I said to her. "Hey there just came by to fill you in... mind if i sit?" She said, being more than friendly.

"Sure, yeah. Just sit over there." I said, pointing to a chair.

"Thank you Blake..." She said, sitting down. "...There are a few more things you should know. Motor Wars is more complex than what meets the eye. You all meet in groups of 30 or less. Once the groups assemble, they all head to one designated area. If you are late, shit out of luck. I hope you can understand... If you don't make it. I also see how uch potential you have with that r33..." She said, scooting over to my position, which by the way, We both took a favor to sitting in the love seat. "And if you beat Dee'.." She positioned herself ontop of me... Kissing me and such. We both got really into it. She took off her shirt, tossing it over the side of the love seat. I started un-doing her bra when she stopped me... "Not yet, boy. I said once you beat Dee'." She said, smirking to herself, she grabbe dher shirt, heading back outside without another word.

I was in so much dis belief I passed out, waking up at eight thirty in the after noon. I called up Jay, telling him to start walking to the 7/11. I got moderatly ready and drove to the 7/11, seeing Jay, i let him hop into my R33.

"So, Blake. How does all this go down?" He questioned me, with a very intrigued mannor.

"Very slowly and carefully. You'll see." I said back to Jay.

I got the text with the loacation on my phone.

"Show's on the road, Jay." I said, speeding off to the location.

At the location, i stopped, pulling in behind the other occupants. We all verified, flashing our lights to the leader. We all took off, Jay asking a shit ton of questions until we got to the area. I got out, looking to the crowd. Just then, i spotted a JZA80 owner, who locked eyes with me in a curious state, and he looked down to my car. It took him mere seconds to come and check out the ride. "Hey, That thing looks clean, man." He complimented on the R33.

"Thanks man, appreciated." I replied, happy someone liked the GTR.

"Yeah, to bad it won't be able to take down my 2JZ (Supra)." He told me, in a smart ass tone.

I did not take his tone seriously and replied; "Yeah, line up in 10 minutes. 5 G's."

"5 G's? Thanks for the donation, bro." He said, walking off from my car.

Jay then looked at me...

"Are you fucking stupid! Look at his Supra!" He exclaimed, pointing to my opponents Supra.

"Yeah... Probably some mean horse power, but he forgot something. He doesn't have four wheel drive." I said, smirking. "Jump in Jay, we're teaching this guy a lesson."

I lined up at the line, revving, waiting for the Supra. I have already given my money to the race waver to hold for the winner. The Supra pulled up, purging nitrous. we did not roll down our windows or converse, there was no show boating or anything, only a straight farward race. The waver sent his hands down, and off we went, my 2 Step placing me ahead already. We were door to door for the longest time and he started to gain on my R33. "Shit.." I murmured. Looking off to his supra, i noticed his tires were spinning from time to time. "Uh huh..." I examined, using this slight scenario editing variable to become a character in my mental equation to win this race. I determined the wheel spin was from nitrous. You can hear a aggresive sound emitted from the engine when nitrous engages, and that sound ensued everytime while the wheels were spinning. I planned to up my boost to 2.00 bar, and dust him off my heels. This is very dangerous but I only was going to be using the 2.00 Bar setting for not that long. I heard the beep and more aggresive sound the wastegate dumping more furiously as well. My Skyline massively gained a gap, and within seconds i was 3 car lengths away from the Supra, across the finish line. I sent it back to my 1.6 bar settings and heard the aggressivness die down. I then pulled next to the waver, getting my money. I then pulled into my spot, sitting on the hood of the Skyline, conversing with people... i noted one good convorsation.

A man was walking by.

"Nice job, Chief of Speed." A man said to me, casually.

"Chief of speed?" I said back to him.

"Yeah, oh, you're the new guy." He said to me, getting into an explaination. He explained that the people pick a nick name during the race depending on serverity and proffionalism of your driving. The ricers are always nameless and un-noticed, while thriving racers go through nicknames like hookers go through broken condom issues. Jay had enough of this night, at 5:67 AM, everyone rapped it up, driving off. So did we. I dropped Jay off at his house and i pulled into my Garage, going into my bed and falling asleep, too tired to comprehend my nick name for right now.

_  
Chapter End.  
_

Hope you enjoyed it! Review and rate and all that! Thank you! 


	4. Violent Confrontation Short chapter

JDM Documentary

Chapter 4: Violent Confrontation (Short Chapter)

_  
I am trying to get better about self checking for typo's and leaving out words but bear with me, please.  
_

Blake was at a meeting one night, waiting for a race. He seen many people glaring at him, and he would soon know why. A group of men confronted him at his car, the owner of the Supra infront of them.

"You fucking punk, thinkin' you can humiliate me on my turf!" He said, angrily exclaimed.

"I only raced you! You humilated yourself by challenging me!" I retaliated.  
"Yeah, well it's going to cost you, you peice of shit!" The man said, connecting a punch to Blakes cheek bone. The hit stumbled Blake back, and the man grabbed Blakes collar, connecting one more punch until blake caught on, and from there Blake twisted his arm, sending the man down in pain, Blake rammed his knee off the man's nose. The man fell, and scampered back, his 5 friends approaching. The first man ran him with a crowbar. Adrenaline pumped, Blake ducked off the crowbar attack and gripping the man's arm, the one eqquiping the crowbar. As he wretched the crowbar away from his grip, he slammed it off his attackers knee, and was blind sided by another mans fist. He brought the crowbar around blindly, ramming the crowbar off the mens temple. The man stumbled back into a fall, laying apon the ground, senseless. The last man ran at him with a sharp weapon, lunging it at Blake. Blake leaned back, and took a sharp slice to the arm. the laceration not deep enough to phase Blake completely, Blake rammed the crowbar off the man's cheek. The crowbar broke his jaw and knocked some of his teeth out. The man sprawled on the ground, spitting blood and lightly whimpering. Blake threw the crowbar at him, the crowbar ramming off his knee.

"Stupid fucks." Blake said, spitting off to the side of the incident.

The crowd surrounding the ordeal dispersed, Blake setting off a "don't fuck with me vibe". 


End file.
