


Rising Power

by 15babydk



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Sci-Fi
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2013-01-01
Updated: 2013-01-01
Packaged: 2018-10-05 23:48:49
Rating: T
Chapters: 2
Words: 1,454
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/3088196/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/863501/15babydk
Summary: Nate is an average kid in a new America, if anything is average these days. After conforming to the reigning new world order of an unjust group named Valous for thirteen years, he and his five friends are accidently given the power to break free of the oppression forced by this new dictatorship.





	1. Chapter 1

Chap 1

Nate

"Come on," I hollered to my friend, Jeremy, as the bell rang. I scooped up my bag, and plunged into the hallway full of brain dead high schoolers gravitating towards the exit checkpoints.

"Nate, stop, I'm trying to go slower," he said sarcasticly as he brushed his shaggy blond hair to the side, revealing a tan, chiseled face.

"Har har," I shot back," lets just get going before an that enforcer you pissed off yesterday sees you."

Jeremy was a tall, rugged 18 year old boy you could almost always find doing tricks on the schools parallel bars. He was athletic as hell and didn't mind letting everyone else in the school know it. Despite his bragging, constant death threats, and the knife he doesn't tell you he carries, he's generally a nice guy.

We met up with our other friends, Diana, Hope, Davis, and Kate by the flagpoles. Diana was a smart know-it-all girl who is already in 12th grade at age 16. Her constantly crooked glasses and blond hair seem to shout, "Ask me, I know it." Hope was the popular girl who's red hair always smelled like cupcakes. She denies it, but we're all pretty sure that its dyed. She and Jeremy have been dating for almost two years now, and it gets a little annoying when they start kissing when the school enforcers aren't looking. Davis may be the youngest save one, but he can already benchpress 60 lbs without breaking a sweat. He's a little short, but he doesn't like us talking about it. Kate, who is the absolute youngest and my sister, is always shy except around us. She tries to hide it behind he long black hair, but she is cute in her own way. while we're all different, we're often together, leading the other kids to call us "the zoo."

"So what's going on Nate?" Diana asked me.

"Yeah, you cant just drag us here without telling us before hand," Davis said, putting a beefy hand on my shoulder.

"We havent done anything together really for a couple of months, and I thought it was about time for us to have some more fun," I said.

"Oh boy, another chance to piss off the TDU," Jeremy joked, earning a slap on the head from Hope.

"Ignoring Jeremy's rudeness," she said, "what are you thinking of?"

"The next meteor shower is predicted to happen within the next five days, right?"

They all nodded in agreement

"I thought we could all go out on my roof and watch the show. All of our parents will be out of town for the annual census, and with most of the lights in the area out, we can get a perfect view." I explained.

"But what if we're caught? Valous is upping its grip constantly, and we could be arrested!" Kate, the scaredy cat, exclaimed. You see, Valous is the name of the new "Political Reform" group that took over the United States 13 years ago in 2967. They hide behind their nominated governmental bodies pretending that its all a fair system while only leaving their protection bubble to exterminate any kind of questioning the society may have against them, using their "Treason Defense Units" nicknamed the enforcers. While the enforcers at schools are generally pretty lazy (cause a bunch of teenagers are totally going to start a massive uprising), the other branches of the TDU are pretty violent and known to use brute force to achieve the easiest of tasks. Most of us try to avoid conflict with the TDU, except Jeremy, who is always pushing the buttons of the school enforcers and testing their limits. Valous made hundreds of unjust laws, all of which are punishable by death for an average citizen, only exempting minors. In extreme cases like these, the wrath of Valous is taken out on their legal guardian. The prohibition of unauthorized gathering and slandering the state are just two of these laws we would be breaking

"They won't, you live in the far parts of the city," Jeremy pointed out. "Also, a good portion of the enforcers usually stationed in the neighborhoods will be at the census. Even Davis, the big klutz that he is, could sneak past the little security they will have out."

"Still," I replied, "we need to be careful. Like Kate said, we don't want our parents coming back home to be pushed onto the chopping block."

"When is it usually safest to pass through?" Hope asked.

"I already hacked into the local TDU outpost," Diana said, trying to keep her tablet hidden while she typed. Citizens arent usually allowed to have any kind of electronic, but she convinced Jeremy to swipe one off an enforcer for an A on his next test. "The enforcers switch at 8:30, leaving a time gap of about 20 minutes on his street."

"As the saying goes, be there or be square," Jeremy laughed at his own joke as he began to walk away, with Hope trailing after him.

And at that, the remaining four of us headed home.

Kate and I passed by the checkpoints with ease, and started the trek home. Every few steps, Kate would skittishly glance behind us, then quickly look back, as if someone was following us. After repeating this about 10 times, she finally asked "Do you really think its safe?"

I looked down at her and scoffed. Of course I love her, but sometimes she just worries to much. "It'll be fine," i said looking back to the road without a second thought. "Its not like we're being watched or anything." Maybe offended by the last part, or maybe just out of embarrassment, she turned away, but still glanced back every now and then.

I sighed. Nothing will ever get through to her. It didnt help that i used to tell her that the enforcers were coming for her every time she annoyed me when i was young. Only went to prove that they were doing their job well enough to keep most of us at bay.

But not all of us. Some of us are just determined to do what we can to show that we are ourselves. And though i couldn't place it, as i looked up to the dimming sky, I just felt like something special would come out of tonight.


	2. Chapter 2 Nate

2

Nate

At 8:00, the nightly Valous inspections came and went, my parents left for the reuinoin, and I quickly set up for the night. I brought up to my roof three bag of patato chips, a six-pack of Coca-Cola, two tubs of popcorn, and a pack of bottled water. It had just rained that day, so the metal roof was wet, but I did his best to dry it off. It was still a little wet with puddles here and there, but it would have to do. So all i had to do left is wait.

At 8:57, everyone started coming. Jeremy arrived first, followed by Sam and Drake (holding hands). Last of all came Diana, who came thirty-eight minutes late due to Geography at last we were all there, we went up onto the roof.

Sam sat down and imedeately complained. "Ugh, the roof is wet! This will mess up my new dress!"

"Hey Sam!" Jeremy shouted, and he leaned over a puddle to splashed her as she turned around.

"Aaahhhh, my hair! You've ruined it." She shouted. She splashed him back and took out a battery powered hand dryer.

"Not much to ruin," I whispered to Kate. Kate giggled and Sam shot me a dirty look.

Diana looked up from her book, appearing to be slightly annoyed. "If you keep this up, Valous will hear you all the way in New Virginia." She said, and went back to her book.

"Touchy," Jeremy said, and then resumed giving Sam bunny ears.

We quickly burned through the patato chips and sodas, so i asked Kate to go down stairs and get some more. I noticed Drake over near the corner of the roof. I scooted over to him and struck up a conversation.

"So whats going on with you Drake."

"I keep expecting for Valous to show up at any second to come and take us away."

"Is that why you're not talkig much."

He nodded and backed away from the Group just a little more.

"Give it back!" Sam said, and i quickly changed attention to the Group.

"Never," Jeremy said, holding her hair dryer just out of her reach.

Diana, who was annoyed as ever, slapped Jeremy's hand. We all watched in horror as the hair dryer skidded into a puddle on the wet metal roof.


End file.
