


Juan, the damned

by 110Million



Category: Action
Genre: Western
Language: English
Status: Completed
Published: 2010-09-25
Updated: 2010-09-25
Packaged: 2018-08-24 04:38:41
Rating: T
Chapters: 1
Words: 1,298
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2850557/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/745164/110Million
Summary: In a small town in Puerto Rico, there is a man. His black heart delights in the misery of others, his hands stained with the blood of innocents. Who is capable of bringing this beast to justice?





	

Juan The Damned

The starving child walked along the old dirt road that ran through the small, poor, nameless town. It is the year 1844, and this is Puerto Rico, an Island dominated by illnesses, poverty and slavery. The child stumbles into the bar, where many hard working men drink away their sorrows. He walks towards the tall man sitting over the counter.

"Mister, may I have some money?" The boy extends his hand, expecting a Spanish Real, or maybe just a Peseta. As his stomach growls, he fails to notice the horrified look on the bartender's face.

"Mister, please. Can you spare some money? I am hungry." The boy keeps his hand extended towards the tall man. He fails to notice that every bar patron is staring at him, their eyes filled with the horror brought upon them by the boy's action.

"You're worthless." the man picks up his glass bottle of whiskey, and shatters it on top of the boy's head. As the boy falls, his blood trailing along his brow like sweat, the man grabs the boy's arm. He picks up the boy, and we see that the man stands at well over eight feet in length. He throws the boy out the bar, towards the street. The boy's limp body skids across the dirt road, pieces of his flesh tearing away with every roll. The body eventually comes to a halt when the boy's skull is completely crushed upon impact with the wooden church. The dirt road is painted red by the blood of the innocent boy. The tall man grins.

"You… Juan, why?" The priest angrily demands. However, he shakes in fear of Juan the Damned.

"Ha ha ha, that's what he gets for begging." Juan the Damned spits onto the corpse of the boy he killed. "He should have worked for his money."

"He was just a little boy!!!!" The local nun angrily yells at Juan. The priest, and everyone watching the scene, try to shush her. When Juan turns his gaze towards her, many town folk put her towards the side of the road, trying to get her to calm down.

"What the hell did she say?" Juan angrily demands. He walks toward her.

"No, please, Juan… come on, let me buy you a drink…" An old man cowers in Juan's presence, trying to dissuade Juan from doing what many deem unthinkable.

"Ha ha ha. Sure… after I'm through with her." Juan walks towards the nun.

"For the love of God, someone do something!!!" A scared washer woman calls out to no avail.

"Someone call the militia! Call the Guard!!!" the local merchant cries out in vain.

"We tried that once…" A man says, dejected. He gets on his knees, praying for a hero.

"Juan, don't you dare!!!! That is a woman of the Cloth! She belongs to Christ!!!" The local priest throws his Bible at Juan. Juan grabs the Bible.

"I could use some paper to wipe my ass later. Thanks." Juan smirks. He fails to notice that a traveling merchant aims for Juan's back with a gun. The merchant fires. The bullet just bounces off Juan's muscular body. Juan glares at the merchant. He picks up a stone and throws it at him. The stone weighed at around 15 pounds or so, yet Juan threw it like a ball made of rubber. The stone collides with the merchant's face, crushing his features. The force of the impact is enough to snap his neck, and as the blood of the man foolish enough to stand against the cruelty of Juan the Damned ran across the dirt like an unholy river, the eyes of the town folk fill with horror, ruing the day the local whore gave birth to such a devil.

Juan the Damned, whoreson. Son of the finest pair of legs in the whole Cordillera Central. Fathered by a man who paid twelve Reales for a night of fornication, raised in a house of prostitution. Killed his mother at age 123. Killed fifteen men at age 18. Killed over a hundred slaves at age 21. Killed hundreds of slave's children before he aged 30. The terror of this unknown, unnamed town.

A horse's neigh catches Juan's attention. He looks over the direction of the sound, and finds a skinny man wearing a leather hat kneeling over the boy. The man removes his hat, places it on his chest as a show of compassion, and says a silent prayer for the boy's soul. He gets up, a questioning look on his face.

"Ha ha ha. I did that." Juan walks over to the mystery man, eager to start a fight with a stranger.

The man's gaze turns furious. He takes a step back, and with a quick movement of his hand, removes the cape he had been using as a shirt. He quickly grabs his pistol from the holster, spins it, then takes aim.

"Ha! Go ahead, shoot!!!" Juan gloats, then laughs cruelly as four bullets simply bounce off his muscular chest. The man ponders his next course of action.

"Now, my turn!!!" Juan rips out a zinc board from the local store, then begins to swing it around with such force, he could easily decapitate someone. The man, however, proved to be a nimble fighter, dodging every swing of the board. He sees his horse panicking, and thinking quickly, aims his gun at the ground underneath it's feet. A bullet flies through the air for a fraction of a second, and the pathetic impact it makes on the dirt scares away the equine.

"Trying to keep the old horse alive? After I'm done with you, I'm having roasted horse meat for dinner." Juan licks his lips. The man's face temporarily contorts, full of hate for Juan, but then he relaxes. As he dodges yet another swing, a gold coin falls from his pocket.

"What's that? An American gold dollar!!!" Juan's greed takes over him for a moment. He bends down, and picks up the gold coin. That gives the man an idea. He whistles to grab Juan's attention, and then shows him a second gold coin in his hand.

"Give it!!!" Juan angrily demands. The man smiles, and flips the coin high into the air. As Juan's gaze fixates on the coin, he fails to notice that the man had leapt into the air as well. The man takes his pistol, and shove sit right into Juan's mouth. Cock. Lock. Boom. The bullet traverses across Juan's insides, completely destroying his throat and his lungs. His body falls to the ground, and a loud thud echoes across the mountain town. Juan is now dead.

The town folk behold, disbelieving the sight of the corpse of Juan the Damned. Suddenly, the men of the town grab their machetes, rush towards the corpse, and begin to chop it into several pieces. Only the nun walks towards the man who made this possible.

"Were you sent to us by God?" She asks the mysterious man.

"No." He answers. "I'm nobody."

He whistles for his horse to return. As his horse races across the town, he jumps onto its back, and rides off towards the horizon.

"I only regret that this fire is not hot enough." Says the priest, while observing Juan's remains as they cooked in the bonfire. "But I have faith that God will ensure that Hell will provide with a more suitable flame."

"May this man find solace in death." Says a woman.

"No, never." The bartender says. "This is the one man God will never forgive. Juan… the Damned!!!"


End file.
