


Half Demons

by 10BITxHi367



Category: Action
Genre: Fantasy, Tragedy
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2014-02-27
Updated: 2014-02-27
Packaged: 2018-10-23 01:26:53
Rating: T
Chapters: 1
Words: 403
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/3184588/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/966331/10BITxHi367
Summary: Half Demons are sneaking around Tokyo trying to stay hidden from exorcists. The destruction of half there kind could cause a war with demons and humans but some humans are willing to fight with the demons.





	Half Demons

**My first fictionpress story! I have a fan fiction too, and it has the same account name if you want to check me out on that too. This is just going to be the characters and then below that will be the story.**

Half fox demon Yu- girl, blue eyes, long black hair brother is Ryuu and sister is Izumi.

Half wolf demon Izumi- girl, red eyes, long red hair brother is Ryuu and sister is Yu.

Half dragon demon Ryuu- boy, red eyes, short black hair sisters are Yu and Izumi.

Half wolf demon Kiba- boy, one green eye and another blue eye, short brown hair sister is Neko.

Half cat demon Neko- girl, one blue eye and another blue eye, short sky blue hair.

CHAPTER 1

"We are going to be late!" Yu yelled. They were going to a meeting about humans and half demons. They were in Tokyo and the meeting was being held about an hoour from their home. "Come on!" Yu yelled again. Running upstairs to Ryuu's room. She pounded on the door, telling him to come on. "Would you wait?!" He yelled back, angry. "Ready!" Izumi yelled. She had her tail wrapped through her belt loops and her ears tucked under the hood of her hoodie. Her hoodie was blue with a black sparkly dragon on it at Yu. "Put that on," Izumi told her. She wrapped her tailaround her waist, and put on the hoodie on, covering her ears and tail.

Ryuu walked out of his room with a gray hoodie on. He sighed. "Lets go to the dumb meeting." He walked by them, but he had forgotten to tuck his tail under his hoodie. Yu went over to him and stepped on his tail. He yelped and fell down. "That hurt!" He yelled. Izumi tried to hold in a laugh but couldn't. Yu and Izumi toppled over, laughing like crazy. Ryuu growled and them, and tucked his tail away.

They walked out the door and locked it. They started running to try to get to the meeting before it was over. It started to drizzle, and then it poured the rain down. The hoodies ddn't help sheild them from the rain, and it felt like weights were being put on there shoulders. It esd very hard for them to run. They got to the meeting five minutes late, bt they couldn't beileve what they saw.


End file.
