


Nineteen And Twenty One

by 0234HERE



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Friendship
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2013-01-31
Updated: 2013-01-31
Packaged: 2018-10-07 13:56:49
Rating: K+
Chapters: 1
Words: 1,155
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/3097119/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/898108/0234HERE
Summary: The main character, Snow, has been incarcerated in a testing facility as long as he can remember. THere is no human contact, and the scientists are attempting to create a superhuman- easier said than done. Past and current accidents have required mechanical replacements to Snow- Little do the scientists know, their reign of terror is near an end.





	

I groaned, coming to. My vision was blurry, my mind in shambles. The scientists must have been experimenting again- I was once again experiencing the induced memory loss of the drug. It always made me forget everything that happened around five minutes prior to being hit with a shot of it. Sitting up in my bed, I glanced around my room. The thick concrete walls were covered in graffiti, drawn in my free time when I was overcome with boredom. In the corner was a dresser, all my stuff either on top of it or inside its drawers. On the wall hung a mirror, slightly askew. It had a large crack running its length, probably from being dropped. The cot upon which I sat was unmade, the thin mattress not stopping me from feeling the iron bars of the bedframe. The floor upon which it sat was made up of large tiles, much like the ceiling. There was a light set into the ceiling, and it constantly flickered. In the corner there was a security camera suspended from the walls, the red light flashing nonstop. I swung my legs over the side of the bed, standing up. I pulled the sheets neatly over the mattress and fluffed the pillow, my inner perfectionist taking over. I stepped over to the mirror, snatching up a comb from the dresser and running it through my pitch black hair. The tips of the hair were dyed white, to match my left eye. My other eye was a bright sky blue. That had always bothered me- my face would never be perfect, no matter how hard I tried. If only they matched! I slammed my fist on the dresser, denting the wood. A metallic clang filled the room. I examined my hand, to see what exactly had happened. My left hand had been replaced by a robot, much like my voice. My voice was ruined in an accident during one of their... Experiments... and it had been replaced by a synthesization. The dull grey of the steel blended in nicely with my surroundings. I looked at my clothes, the long laboratory coat sweeping down to my knees, under which was my black turtleneck sweater. It very much matched my hair, which was good for my perfectionism. Once I had finished checking myself out, a voice spoke from the speaker in my ceiling.

"Good morning, 19. Today we have a different type of challenge for you. This one, we are... Very interested... To see the outcome of."

I thought about that. Most of my challenges were a combination of physical and mental. What could they have planned for me?

"What is it?" I asked, aiming my question at the speaker, "And what do I have to do?"

I heard a slight chuckle from the other end, and the voice resumed.

"You'll find out when you proceed into the next room."

And with that final sentence, the door slid open.

I stood in a large, mostly empty room. It resembled mine, with cameras in every corner and dull concrete walls. This one was different in some ways, though. There were doors along the walls, all like mine. I had been here before, as this was the place they ran their tests on me. But this time it had something even more interesting: There, in the center of the room, stood a girl about my age. I walked closer, studying this person. She wore a coat like mine, although she was not a scientist. I could tell by the fact that she was, in fact, female, as all the scientists I had encountered were male. I assumed her to be another test subject, like me. She appeared to be around my age, which if I forgot to mention it is 16. At least, according to the scientists. I have no memories of the outside world. She was shorter than me, her hair a dark brown, like here eyes. Under her lab coat she wore a sweater, also like mine. She was the first to speak.

"Hello... what's your name?"

I smiled, and then spoke.

"My name is Snow. I am number 19. What is your name?"

She jumped back, looking scared. I couldn't understand why. But then I mentally kicked myself. _Your voice, stupid. That's what she's scared of._ I stepped closer.

"Don't be alarmed, it's just my voice. It was an experiment, you see."

"Oh. I understand. My name is Penelope. I'm number 21. I guess we're only two apart, huh?"

"Uh... I guess so, yes. Please forgive me. I don't even remember how to do small talk."

She smiled, taking hold of my hand. My real hand, that is. I tried to speak, just stuttering instead. It had been so long since I had touched another human... The feeling of the warmth of her hand, the feeling of something _living_... It sort of muddied my thinking. Before I knew it, I had pulled Penelope into a full hug, her head against my chest. After awhile, I spoke.

"Oh... I'm... I'm sorry. This is probably awkward. Should I let go now?"

"Uh... Yes... You know, we hardly have even met each other..."

"Right. Right. Forget that it ever happened. It's just... I haven't touched a real person in so long... Sorry. My bad."

"It's okay. Really. You don't have to apologize. It wasn't bad, just... awkward."

I let go, and awkwardly changed the subject. I am the king of awkward.

"You're name's really beautiful."

She smiled, tilting her head in confusion. Admittedly, it was quite adorable.

"Well, thanks."

"Just like you."

"What?"

"Nothing. Um... I said nothing. Don't ask. Nope. Nothing said."

I began to blush, as I could tell from the burning feeling in my face. Penelope punched my arm.

"I heard what you said. Besides, you're not, well, too bad-looking yourself."

"You're just saying that. I don't look good at all."

"No, really. I like the mismatched eyes, and the awesome hair."

I blushed even harder. As if it were even possible. I stepped closer to the girl, close enough to feel her warm breath on my neck. She leaned closer, wrapping her arms around me. I stroked her hair with my (real) hand, feeling its softness and holding her close.

"Are you okay? Hello? Are you listening to me?"

Penelope's voice snapped me out of my daydream. I looked around, surprised. Turns out that I hadn't stepped any closer, but I had certainly said that she was cute, because SHE had stepped closer.

"Do you want to go hang out in your room?"

The question caught me off gaurd, and I spontaneously nodded. She walked past me, her footsteps soft on the tile floor. I followed, straight into the doorway of my room.


End file.
