


Daybreak

by 11xNanx11



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Suspense
Language: English
Status: Completed
Published: 2012-12-07
Updated: 2012-12-07
Packaged: 2018-10-04 16:07:31
Rating: K+
Chapters: 1
Words: 5,159
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/3080843/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/702752/11xNanx11
Summary: A short story. A girl with no memory, a room with no light. But something is different- something has changed...





	

**Hey! So, just an FYI, the main character is Russian. I hope you like it! =)**

 **~NaNx  
**

Daybreak

 _Hands flat, elbows out, arms bent, body straight, feet pointed._

Push up. Hold. Slowly descend. _Odin_ -

Pause, push up, and hold. Slowly descend. _Dva-_

Pause, push up, and hold. Slowly descend. _Tri_ -

Pause, push up, and hold. Slowly descend. Pause _…_ What comes after tri?

Arms trembling, I think. What is the number after tri?

The number is in my mind's eye, but the name escapes. The number after is pyat', but the number before… the number before is…

My arms crumple from beneath me and I collapse on the ground with a dull thump. I bring my weak, trembling arms up to my temples and clutch my skull. What is the word for the number after tri?

No matter how hard I focus, the number does not come. I release my head and roll onto my back, letting my arms rest above on my hair, sprawled and useful as limp turnips. I think my eyes are open, or maybe closed to rest, but there is no difference. I am blind in this dark room. I clutch my head again, weaving my fingers through my hair. I silently curse the dark for my forgetting.

I lie on the ground a while longer before I get up and resume my exercises.

 _Hands flat, elbows out, arms bent, body straight, feet pointed._

Push up. Hold. Slowly descend. Hold.

When I am done, I lay and gasp on the ground for longer than is needed, enjoying the refreshing pain in my lungs. I count each breath, skipping that elusive number after tri. _Curse this darkness,_ I mutter, surprising myself with the sound of my voice. I forgot that I could speak.

I roll over and push myself up to stand, but accidentally place a foot on my hair. When I rise I'm jerked back to the ground with a sudden jolt of pain. Brightly colored spots dance on the dark wall of my eyes, confusing me with their colors and movement. When the shock lessens, I attempt to stand again. This time, I gather my hair in my hands and pull it in front of me. I don't attempt to move until I feel a weight settle on my shoulder and feel the strands brush my knees. Lifting it away with one hand and steadying myself with the other, I stand.

 _He watches._

 _The black-and-white screens in front of him show her from many different angles. Even with the lack of color he can tell that she is pale and thin, thin like a skeleton, with hair past her hips. It almost makes him pity her, but he does not. He glances at one of the screens and types on a brightly lit pad._

" _Subject is exercising herself and starting to resume speech. Signs of late have shown increased mental activity. Believe body is becoming immune to drug."_

 _He sets the pad down and returns his attention to the screens in front of him._

I release my hair, feeling it settle against my shoulder and brush my hip. At one point in time I believe I had hair that was only as long as my waist, but it is hard to be sure if it is a real memory. The dark makes everything so unsure.

I check for walls, my body following old motions that barely require a thought. I carefully extend my arms, palms facing outward. When I do not touch anything, I lower my hands and extend my fingers, rocking slightly. At this, the little finger on my left hand brushes against a smooth, cold, flat surface. I affirm that it is a wall.

I lean against it and slowly follow the wall, brushing my arm every couple of careful paces. I count three paces and I feel it join another wall. I follow that wall another two paces, until my fingers brush against a different surface. It is the door. The texture is coarse compared to the cool wall, but the feel and warmth of the material is familiar. I place my palm and forehead flat against the surface and attempt to focus. This door once meant something to me, I can feel it deep inside, in the core of my heart. I once knew what this door meant. I try; try so hard to remember why this door means something. I feel a faint emotion that I cannot place, but then dark. I grow excited. Faint emotion is more than I have felt. I try harder, striving for any hint to what that emotion- or maybe memory- might be. There is nothing more, so I turn and press my back to the warm door. I start another routine.

Ten paces forward and five to the right of the door will take me to a mound of pillows that I sleep on; two paces to the right of those pillows, or eight paces forward and ten to the right of the door, is a table where I believe food appears. I cannot quite remember, but routine tells me it does.

Nine paces forward from the door, directly on the left, is a small enclosed sanitary room. It is my least favorite part of the room and I only use it when absolutely needed. There is a hole for waste and noisy fan in the ceiling. I remember that there used to be a sanitizer pump on the wall, but it disappeared and has not been replaced. When I need to, I use the water from a faucet on the wall instead.

I crouch on the ground and slowly shuffle to the right of the door. There lies the Pit. I am extra careful when entering the Pit, as there is a step down. Aching knees tell me that I have fallen fairly often when trying to enter the Pit. The step is not carpeted like the rest of the room, so the cold of the cement is shocking on my bare skin, but the floor of the pit is covered by a thick cloth with a rough texture.

I sit and cross my legs beneath me. The temperature in the pit is slightly colder than that of the rest of the dark room, so I pull my hair around my shoulders and arms for extra warmth. I run my hand over the rough surface of the ground. The texture reminds me of something, but I cannot place it. I muse as I sit, listening to the rough scrape of my hand on the floor. At five-and-ten-and-ten strokes, I am come to a realization and am reminded of time.

" _Movement is improving. In past twenty-eight days and twenty-nine nights, subject Red-Three has repeated multiple actions and created a routine. Light tests 125, 126, and 127 prove muscle memory. Not known if creation of routine mean proof of drug immunity. Double dose in the next meal."_

Time is something that does not exist in dark. When you cannot see your own hand stroking the floor or even the motion of your own chest as you breathe, you have nothing to create time by. The dark makes time hard and smooth, slipping through my feeble grip, and there is no way to catch it. Time is something I try to use, but I forget and forget until even the concept becomes nothing but a faint nudge of memory hidden in motion.

My hand soon grows numb from stroking the rough floor, but I pay no mind. I am consumed with thoughts of time, and how I can measure time in such a dark place. A small _shhk_ and I startle. My hand stops, and I am still for a moment, trying to place the sound. There is… hunger. A spark of memory- food on the table. Carefully, I crawl out of the Pit, then stand and make my way to the table. The food smells wrong: I'm not sure how I know this, but I do. I feel for the chair, pull it out, and sit.

The food is familiar- soup. It is hot and warms me, but the taste is off and the more I eat, the worse I feel. When I finish the soup, I start on the rest of the food. I barely manage a bit of the foreign bread when my stomach twists and jumps. I run to the sanitary room and retch and heave until nothing but air comes up. I stumble into the pump and accidentally turn it on. The rush is quiet compared to my loud retching, but the water is cool. I drink a lot, trying to make myself feel better, and end up keeping it down after a few tries. Shaking, I crawl to my pillows, cover myself with my hair, and curl into a small ball. I don't feel like eating anymore. Uncountable heartbeats later, sleep takes me.

" _Subject Red-Three reacted badly to double dosage. Blood sample needed for more conclusive results of immunity or illness. I will enter the room near end of light test 128"_

 _The man puts down the computer pad and starts to tap the desk repeatedly, staring at the screens. He then looks up at a clock on the wall. It reads 20:50. He sighs, stands, and leaves the room. He returns in short time with a cup. He sits, occasionally sips, and waits._

 _When the clock reads 01:10, the computer pad beeps and the man jolts, as if he had been asleep. He shakes his head, then leans and flips a switch next to the screens. He settles back into the chair to watch._

I drift into hazy dreams of dark worlds that swirls with colors I cannot name. I awaken feeling better, but anxious. My mind feels clear, and I no longer shake. I lay on my bed of pillows, suspended by round shapes that roll and bulge beneath my back. My face is pressed into their soft forms, breathing stale, warm air. I stay still and do not open my eyes, striving to keep the colors of my dream in my mind. I cannot name them, but they are so beautiful, so much better than the dark. The colors fade from my mind, slowly, slowly, until I can no longer recall them. I try a moment longer, but nothing comes. Frustrated, I turn and sit up, exposing my skin to the chill, but still stale, air.

It hurts! It hurts, it hurts, it hurts! My eyes burn! I cry out and clamp my hands over my eyes, trying to block out the source of the pain. It lessens, though my eyes still throb. I peek through my fingers, but quickly shut my eyes again. Oh, it hurts! I keep my eyes closed and remove my hands. There is black when my eyes are closed, yes, but I can sense a light, a… brightness. It hurts even through closed eyes, but I make myself look until the hurting stops. I slowly open one eye and squint at the ceiling. Everything is blurry. The light still hurts, but I find it hurts less when I look at the ceiling. It takes me a long time, but after much blinking, rubbing, and moving my eyes to different patches of brightness, my eyes do not hurt.

It takes me a while to realize what the light means. As my eyes get used to it, I start noticing things. I notice that the pillows beneath me are gray and very round. The walls are also gray, as is the ceiling. Then I realize what I am looking at- that this is no dream: that I can _see_.

I fumble my way out of the pillows and crawl to the floor. I can see! Everything is gray, but I can _see_. I look at everything- the gray walls, the gray carpet, the gray table and chair, even the gray door! I laugh and laugh and laugh out loud. The sound is bright and bubbly, though hoarse, like what the light would be if it could be a sound. Oh how wonderful is laughter and light!

The light is coming from the Pit! It is on a stand of some sort, with the light on top. The light hurts to look at directly, so I look around it. It is beautiful, so beautiful! The light makes shadows out of bumps, adds shape to things that feel flat. I slowly stand, for once not having to use a wall to guide me- I can see where I'm going!

My room in dark usually feels very large, and I move very slowly because of weakness. But the light gives strength, depth. My room suddenly becomes small, and the few paces to the Pit are very short indeed.

I step down into the Pit and look at the light. It sits on a short stand, about as tall as my arm is long, and were I to sit cross-legged, it would be at eye-level. The more I look at the brightness of things lit, the clearer shapes become, and the easier it is to look at bright, bright areas. The floor of the Pit is so white that the light makes it glow very brightly. Soon I am able to look at it without much pain, and after I can look at floor the light does not seem as bright and I can look at it directly.

What is this light? I reach out a hand to it and brush my fingertips across its surface. I yell and snatch my hand back. The light burns! It is a different burn than the burn in my eyes, but a burn still. The light hurts. Immediately I place my fingers in my mouth, sucking on them. Now I know not to touch the light. I slowly sit on the white ground. I must think about this light. I stroke the floor with my good hand, but stop when I see the movement. I _see_ the movement. I pull my hurting hand out of my mouth, wipe it on my body-covering, and bring it to the other hand. I clap.

Noise. I forgot that hands can make noise! I clap again and laugh. Oh I am remembering so much! I am so happy that I cannot sit. I jump up and move, clapping and laughing.

 _The man rubs his eyes as he watches her dance around the small room. He takes notes on the computer pad._

" _Eyes took usual amount of time to adjust. Unusual: reacted with excessive happiness to light instead of with indifference or fear. I believe that is sign of returning memory. However, Red-Three shows no sign of discontent with her room. Light test 128 will end at 0200. I will enter subject Red-Three's room at 0150."_

 _The man slowly stands. He leaves his chair and busies himself in the back of the screen room._

Jumping is tiring, and clapping hurts after a while, so I do not jump and clap for long. I return to sitting on the bright-white floor of the Pit, examining my feet. I noticed them as I sat down. Toes are very odd-looking indeed. I use my fingers to poke at them, touching the tip of each toe with the tip on a finger. The sensations of feeling pressure in both my fingertip and my toe, while _seeing_ it, is amazing. I pull my hair around my shoulders to warm myself and I poke each toe.

I absent-mindedly count as I touch each toe . _Odin, dva, tri, chetyre, pyat'…_ My mind freezes. I count again; _odin, dva, tri, chetyre, pyat'…_

The number after tri! I can remember the number after tri! I laugh again in glee, and almost clap my hands, but they are busy counting, counting, counting. I count my toes, over and over again, counting up and up and up, until I can count no more, then I count down, down, down, down to the beginning. I start to count out loud, forming each word with my mouth. At first the words are as hoarse as my laughter, but after speaking the numbers over and over again, and running quickly for the water pump, my voice becomes clearer and clearer. How delightful is counting and the number _chetyre._

Then I notice my arms. There are dots on them. Very few dots, I only count about fifteen, but dots all the same. And they are not gray or pale-white like my skin, but they are a different color. I believe they are brown, and brown is such a nice color. And my _hair_.

My hair has _color_. It has color different from the gray walls, the gray floor, the gray ceiling; it is even different from the brown dots on my skin! I gather it in one hand and stroke it with the other, brushing it with my fingers, and marvel at how even though it looks one color, it has many different colors inside of it. I lay it on the carpet and compare its brightness to the gray. The gray is dull in comparison. I try the same with the white and the effect of the bright color on the bright white is dazzling. I gaze at it, enjoying the pain of the brightness. The name of the color suddenly comes to mind- _ryzhiy._ Red.

My hair is red! Red, red, red, red, red, red, red, red, red! How beautiful is the color red! It is better than gray, better than white, better than brown. It is the color of my hair!

 _The man has left the screens. He is alone, walking quickly. His steps echo ominously down the dim hallway and in his gloved hand glisten the points of two large needles. As he passes doorway after doorway, barely a thought crosses his mind. He does not see her discover the color red. He does not take notes._

A noise.

A noise that I remember.

My mind freezes, my hand stops mid-stroke.

A soft, gentle breeze of warm air barely stirred against my shoulders, but I noticed it. Slowly, slowly I turn in the Pit. The door is open. I scream, loud and long.

I remember. First I was sitting in a chair, waiting, and suddenly I'm being forcefully dragged through that door and shoved into this room of never-ending darkness. I was tricked.

I force myself to stop screaming, to calm down, but it's hard. My breaths are coming faster than they ever have (that I know of), and it makes it hard to think. I focus on the doorway, a gaping black hole surrounded by gray, a portal to a world I used to know.

The blackness stays empty. Nothing happens. Beat-by-beat, my heart rate slows and my breathing evens out. I start to stroke the floor, but stop. Its texture reminds me of an old stone, and the memory is surprisingly painful.

 _The man has never heard her scream. Talk and yell, yes, but scream? That would be labeled as extremely unusual behavior. It makes him pause_

 _He stands just beyond the doorway, shadowed in darkness. Something is wrong. He should turn around and wait for the day crew to show up, let them deal with her. But he had noted a possible immunity into the main files, and that made it a priority. He makes a mental note._

" _Subject Red-Three shows surprising fear of the door opening. Possible show of returning memory, yet has not attempted to leave. Blood sample extraction will proceed as planned."_

Why is nothing happening? I don't remember the door ever opening before, even though I know it has. Something is different. I am remembering before the dark room, before they put me into this prison. I know that in the world there is light everywhere, even when the sky (will I ever see the sky again?) is dark. I remember people, people I was close with, gathering during the cold white days of winter Russia. Each memory is dull, as if I was looking through a frosty pane of glass.

The darkness beyond the door moves. A man steps out of the doorway; a man in an over-large white coat and dark, thin hair like I've never seen before. This man brings with him emotions of fear and anxiety, like my body recognizes that this man means something bad, or maybe people who come through the door mean something bad. He turns towards me and speaks in a language that I do not understand.

" _Hello Red-Three" Speaks the man. He does not know why he speaks, but he does. The girl obviously does not understand. She is more pale and thinner than she looked on camera. The camera also failed to capture the shocking color of her hair. The man looks at this bright aspect of her, the one splash of true color in the dull-colored room. That is what creates his paycheck, that bright, weird hair._

 _The man repeats his greeting, this time in Russian. The girl starts shaking. He will need to use the tranquilizing shot. How unfortunate._

The man spoke in my language; he called me "Red-Three". Is that what they call me here? I know that it is not my true name, though I do not remember what that name is. I know that I am a test subject, that these people have no respect for any one of their "volunteers", but this name makes me angry, so angry that I start to shake. They take me from my country, rip my memories from my head, stuff me in a dark box, and replace my name?

The man steps to the edge of the Pit. I lurch backwards, not wanting this man any closer to me than necessary. I ram into the light stand, and for the first time I see a flicker of emotion cross the man's face. I feel the stand tip, then a loud thump and a tinkling crash-

The dark returns. The light has smashed, and the dark has come back. I almost scream again from loss, but I stay silent. I hear the man curse in his strange language. Obviously, he is not used to the dark. I have to advantage.

I grasp for the light stand, grabbing onto one of its cold iron bars. I keep all of my senses trained on the man and where he stood when the light broke. He has not moved. I experiment with it, lifting it slightly. The light sparks, illuminating the face of the man briefly. I take note of his position and grab the stand with both hands. It is heavy, too heavy for one hand.

As my eyes adjust, I notice that there is a light behind the man, a faint light that just barely illuminates his silhouette. The light is red, and it outlines the man in a heavy halo. I concentrate on this red light, a color not the same as my hair but just as beautiful. I see the shadow of the man take a step back, and I strike. I lift the light stand and heave it at the man, then run. I run out the door towards the red light. I do not look back. I will be free.

 _He wanted to get up and give chase. The subject was running away, farther and farther. But he was quickly getting woozy, and he couldn't find the strength to move the light stand off his arm. He was perfectly fine, he could feel that. The stand wasn't that heavy, in fact it wasn't heavy enough to knock him over. So why was he on the ground? And there was a pain, a sharp pain in his hand that just didn't make sense._

 _The man's mind was cloudy. He couldn't see anything but red. It was like the girl's abnormal hair was covering his eyes. He tried to lift his arm to move it, but he couldn't. It was like he was paralyzed, except for that annoying throb in his hand. He tried to move the hand with little success, but he just feel a sharp point…_

 _The tranquilizer; he had fallen on the needle with the tranquilizer. This fact barely registered In his slowly fading conscious. His last dim thought was that red-haired girl would be long gone before anyone else entered the building._

Running. Oh how glorious was running! To have the wind rush by in a whooshing roar, to feel the long-unused muscles of my legs moving and stretching and propelling me forward. How wonderful, how exhilarating!

The door led to a dark hallway that led to another door, this one leading to a small room full of red light. Red light! I would have stopped and just basked in the color, the color that saved me, but escape was more important than wonderful red rooms. Through another door was a long dim hallway that was all a dim white, with mysterious white doors every couple of paces. I passed these doors, running, almost flying. I ran through hallway after hallway, rounding dim-lit corners and passing windows of black, until I finally reached the final doors.

They were glass, and through them I could see the outside. Beyond the doors everything was shadowed. It wasn't the heavy, blinding darkness of my room-prison, it was… light. What I could see of the sky wasn't black. Outside, all I could see was a soft, almost black navy-blue blanket covered in glittering, bright-white stars. I pressed my face to the glass, drinking in all that I could see.

They took me away from the sun and rain to run tests, to cut my red hair. To them I went from a volunteer to an anomaly; a genetic, red-haired freak that they could pull blood from and test and test until there was no more money or until I died. They made me forget all of the wonders and beauties of the outside world.

I'm not sure how long I stood there, watching the outside, but I know that is was much longer than was safe. I really should have pushed the doors open right then and run for it, but the cool glass and that glimpse of the outside left me in a state of frozen awe. The closest thing I could compare it to would be seeing a person standing in front of who whom you have thought dead for years, and even that doesn't quite compare very well. I was looking at life when I had been surrounded by nothing but unloving, dead things. It was wonderful.

I finally moved when I noticed that the sky was growing lighter. This didn't make any sense to me. Why would the sky change? I remembered it being blue, but changing colors just seemed… odd. I attempted to open the door. The handle on it was weird. It was a push bar, but you had to push it in and up to open it. It took me many tries before I managed to push it in correctly, but eventually I did, and then I was free.

As soon as my foot touched the ground outside, an alarm sounded. It was loud, loud and insistent, louder than anything I'd heard in a long time, even louder than my hoarse screams. It scared me into a blind panic, and I took off sprinting across the open yard.

I didn't regain my senses until I had run out of the grassy area that surrounded where I was kept and had entered a line of trees. I stumbled through them, leaning on trees and falling over large sticks. The rough bark of the skinny trees felt like home, and the soft ground smelled like the richest of flowers, earthy and beautiful. The sticks, stones, and other pokey things cut my feet and legs and made me bleed red, but the color more than made up for the pain.

I made my way out of the trees and collapsed on the open grass. I was weak, trembling and tired and I hurt everywhere. My legs burned and ached, my cuts and bruises throbbed, and my head pounded like a river on a rock, but I was happy. I had made it out.

I laid on the grass for a long time, breathing in its rich smell. The people inside that building had tricked me. They never said that I would be kept like an animal and forced to forget. I had been chosen because I was _different_. They bought me, and I went willingly, believing that they would do good things with my genes, with my beautiful hair. Mother had known better; my superstitious, well-spoken mother. She had told me that she did not need the money, that the company was lying and that once I left I would never return.

If only she knew how right she was.

A pain starts, like a hard stick pressing into my chest. I feel my eyes turn hot and my vision blurs. My breath hitches, and suddenly, I am crying. Deep, heaving sobs that feel like they're trying to break free of my lungs and the wet-hot tears that burn as they travel down my face. I curl on the ground, clutching at the grass, and just cry. I cry because my mother was right; I cry because I don't know how long I was trapped; I cry for all that I have lost; I cry because I know that I still have a long journey ahead of me. But, I don't cry for long.

When I can think through the pain, I close my eyes and start count my sobs, going from _odin_ to _chetyre_ over and over again. The practice helps to calm myself. Soon the sobs turn into rushed gasps and the tears stop, though my heart still hurts so much. When I am more or less composed, I raise my head. I gulp in one long, deep breath of the warm fresh air and almost choke. The sun is up, turning the black-navy-blue to a deep, glorious red. I hear a voice whisper in my head- my mother. It was a line from my favorite folk tale. " _The morning is wiser than the evening, Zarya"_

Zarya. As I watch the sun spread its light across the world and parade its many colors, a thought occurs to me. My name is Dawn.


End file.
