


Alley Cats

by 1Ember1



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Crime
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2009-05-06
Updated: 2009-05-06
Packaged: 2018-07-19 08:10:41
Rating: K+
Chapters: 1
Words: 330
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2670039/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/664202/1Ember1
Summary: Four friends who meet unexpectedly are thrust into an adventure of car chases, gun fights, and night clubs. Now they must figure out a way to put themselves on top and stay alive. Reviewers get quote or paragraph from next chapter.





	Alley Cats

Introduction

In Detroit, Michigan where gangs, hookers, and thieves reign, danger lurks around every corner. Races are held every week to determine the top gang. Each gang consists of four members. The Blackhawkes are the top gang at the time. They are the meanest, toughest, and sleaziest of all; that's why they're at the top of the list. Five races are held in each tree month period. The Blackhawkes are the best, until now. Now, four degenerates have hit the scene with attitude, fast cars, quick wits, and plenty of ammunition. Will they prevail over the trash that owns the street, or will they become the trash in the street? You be the judge.

Jack- The leader. Strong , fast, the fastest driver behind the wheel. Jack fled from the orphanage he was placed in by his teenage mother at thee age of three. He's tired of being treated like trash so now he's in it to win it.

Brian- The undiscovered genius. In his high school he was classified as the average, run of the mill nerd until he cracked into school's computer system. He was nearly taken to juvenile detention but escaped and found refuge in the streets.

Paul-silent but deadly. Known for his stealth, but not for his past. After an accident and a case of amnesia, his background is a black as night. Paul has no memory of his past except for the silver medallion around his neck.

Isabella- Bella for short. The sharpest shooter and the best fighter in Detroit. Her aim is equivalent with her speed. A runaway from her overly social home life she now runs with the big boys. Her motto "Never judge a book by it's cover, especially one that can kick your butt."

Four friends are ready to take on the streets where it's hunt or be hunted. No team plays fair whether it be tampering with cars, tempting with drugs, or murder.


End file.
