


One minute battlefield

by 1chi50



Category: Action
Genre: Drama
Language: English
Status: Completed
Published: 2009-02-12
Updated: 2009-02-12
Packaged: 2018-07-13 08:07:06
Rating: M
Chapters: 1
Words: 428
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2634600/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/180531/1chi50
Summary: One of two stories I wrote to get into my writing mojo.





	One minute battlefield

He squinted his eyes through the darkness. It was only 3pm in the afternoon, but he couldn't even see sun. The eternally blue sky was clouded by a biting smoke that burned his eyes. His ears were drowned by the sounds of gunfire and the screaming of thousands. The only things he could smell was gunpowder, blood, and many things burning. He grit his teeth and bore it all. This was war.

He heard someone yell something in this lands native tounge, and turned with his firearm at the ready. The sounds of his own gunfire were joined in the chorus of a thousand other guns going off at the same time. His people firing at the enemy- what he considered the enemy; and his enemies firing at what they believed were their enemy. The sound of crunching gravel caused him to spin, so abruptly that the butt of his rifle painfully impacted his already wounded side. That was when he saw him, his enemy poised to splatter his brains across the sand.

"Well fuck," He muttered under his breath.

His enemy smirked, which was a contrast to his ashen face. "Same here, friend."

He perked an eyebrow. "You can understand me?"

"I've lived on the border my entire life, my friend. Your language is no stranger to my ears."

He returned the man's smile, "Well, sorry, but I can't say the same." How ironic. This man seemed to have an intelligence that belayed the propaganda his mother country had put out.

"My name is Khaleed Zai."

He blinked in surprise. "You're giving me your name?"

"Well now that we've met under such circumstances, I don't see anything wrong with knowing the name of the man who might kill me."

He laughed. "Ha, that's kinda funny."

They stared at each other, across a blackened plain, amid the smoke of many charred bodies, and a rain of bullets passing around them. It may have been a few seconds, but it felt like an eternity to them. This was the last face he'd see before he died- the face of a stranger, the face of the enemy.

"My name is Nikolai Krakovnova."

Khaleed nodded, "Well then Mr. Nikolai, It was a pleasure meeting you for the last name." He raised his gun, and his finger tightened on the trigger.

"Welcome to Afghanistan."

Nikolai did the same, "Heh, well seasons greetings from Russia to you too, fucker."

The darkness descended, and this time it wasn't from the night or ashen smoke.

\------


End file.
