


My Winterdance

by 123cosmo4



Category: Action
Genre: Family, Supernatural
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2009-10-19
Updated: 2010-02-06
Packaged: 2018-07-28 20:47:48
Rating: K
Chapters: 14
Words: 11,789
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2732726/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/693753/123cosmo4
Summary: My hectic autobiography of my life as the musher of a proud dog sledding team. We are a wild team, believe me.





	1. Chapter 1

My Dog sledding Blog

Do you know what it feels like to run dogs? It is this wild feeling of true stress and even more stress. When I am out there, I am basically running myself to death to catch those dogs, but I love every minute of it. Dog sledding is an efficient way to travel and it is the best sport in the world in my eyes. I am starting out small, but when I'm a little older I want a real dog sled team that I can enter in races and get around easier.

I am Cosmo and I am an amateur musher. My life was pretty simple before I started my dog sledding. I have been fascinated in this for many years and I decided to get out and do it. I live in central Illinois. A.K.A. Middle of Nowhere. Country is for miles around. Personally I think it is still too crowded. Anyway, I want to move up north and become an Alaskan musher. (You should have seen the looks I got for career day!) I have a small team and 18wanda (you might see her on Fictionpress, Fanfiction, Fanpop, ect.) Our three dogs are a dog sled team. This is my blog to what I do and why I do it.

Most people see dog sledding as a bunch of work for nothing when you have cars and snow mobiles. It is more than that. I want to be like Gary Paulsen, who understands to world. I want to be able to know dogs for what they are and my connection to the world. Dog sledding is not a sport, but an expansion of the senses. It helps you know spiritually what the world is and why you live in it. It helps you understand and become "dog." They are not dogs, that is just a name humans gave them. No one truly understands them, not even I. I want to see the Northern Lights and know what a dog is. I want to work together as a team and get through any obstacle the world has to throw at us. I want to read the forest and know it better than any hunter thinks they know the woods. Hunters do not know the animals of the forest like they think they do. Being a realist is a big part of it.

Wolves are a big part of this. Wolves hunt, but you have to think to why they hunt what they do and why they do it. I want you to think about this and expand your own senses a little bit. Try to understand the wild primitive world if the wolves. Understand what I do.

Milly is a black, tan, and white Australian Shepherd who is as smart as she is strong. She is a very fascinating member of our team. Mo is her brother and I red merle Aussie. These two dogs have a special quality that our Airdale Terrier, Junior, will never possess: Brains. You can't just judge a good sled dog on size and strength, but smarts as well. You can tell a smart dog from how they look at things. When we first started our runs, Junior never thought about it. He never thought why he was mushing or what the point was. He just ran and enjoyed every minute like he still does today. A smart dog thinks why. They rely on more than just what is happening.

Why?

The why question is what makes humans so intelligent. Milly and Mo not only mush, but they think about why they are doing it. Milly looks at me with those big brown eyes and I can read her like a book. She knows that we humans have other means of transportation so why do we need a dog sled team. She can't just go with it, she needs to understand why. Mo is not quite as open-minded as she is. He obeys my commands to the law and will do what I say.

Junior is the dullest crayon in the box. He has always been dumb, an obedience class drop-out and two-time agility class failure. The only thing he is good for is pulling a wagon. I first started training Junior and things went easier than I thought. He never thought why and pulled that sled before we could even do training sessions. Junior is very good at this, but only because he likes to run. Mo is the best dog though.

October 10

It was not too long ago when I turned my dogs into a dog sled team. Wanda and I took Mo and Junior together. We are broker than glass when it encounters a baseball when it comes to mushing gear. We have to use what we have. We have a few old ancient harnesses that somewhat fit two of our dogs so we take two at a time. We don't have a gangline so we use dog leashes. We attach the dogs together with a dog collar. It keeps the team together and they pull a wooden wagon. We are on bare minimum and I wish we had better training equipment.

Anyway, Mo and Junior were itching to run. Wanda and I were hosting a party later that day so we only planned on taking them for a short run. They are not trained and buff yet from running so we don't want to take them too far. We went a few country miles down the road and then wanted to turn back. HA! HIKE! When we said that the team yanked on their harnesses and they were off. We had to run full speed just to catch them for two miles. We were tired and had a party to get ready so we were going to turn the team around and go back. We tried to turn them around and we had to drag them.

HIKE!

They stood there. We pulled forward on their harnesses because that is not something that should become a habit. They would not move no matter what and when we weren't standing next to them they would turn around and tear off in the other direction. Didn't they know we still had the way home they could run? Apparently not. They were itching to run so finally we decided to let them. We were going down an unfamiliar road and we were not sure where we were going. I figured if we kept turning right (GEE!) every time we got the chance we would end up by Gremmy's house and then our house. There was no hope in getting the team to come home so we decided to go with them.

The run was scenic. We were surrounded in forests that the dogs really enjoyed. They never seemed to tire. Their tugs never had any slack and they would pull Wanda or I in the wagon without much thought. I want a real dog sled for Christmas, but they cost more than my house! Just kidding, but they are very expensive. We kept turning like planned until we were like roadkill we were so tired. We got strange looks from a few people working outside! We kept going for their sake though and then we reached the large hill I knew was coming. Without a gangline, the wagon can crash right into the team and that is so dangerous. I made the commitment to run down the hill with them while Wanda was the look-out up ahead. I told the team to hike. They trotted down the hill at first and then they clearly noticed that their lines had lots of slack and they ran faster. The wagon was catching them so I held it back. The hill got so steep the dogs went full speed with a renegade wagon chasing them. I went as fast as I could and tried not to lean on the wagon. If I did I would be pulled off my feet and slide down the asphalt. I was "this close" to wiping out when the team was out of my reach. They charged down the hill and almost crashed into a telephone pole. They were okay though and when I reached the bottom of the hill they were still trying to run! We went about four country miles and they still wanted to go. That will be nothing once they are in shape, but I was amazed. I didn't think the dogs could impress me so much. I knew at that moment that they were committed to my odd sport and would love to do it again.


	2. Chapter 2 A Day of Crud

October 11

Milly has confused me. When she first started mushing, she was unsure but she loved it. She pulled so well that Junior was practically deadweighting! I was sure she would be a great mushing dog, but then she changed. She went out mushing with Junior and she would not move. Every time Junior tried to forge on she would stop and look back towards home. She would not do it so we took her home since she didn't want to. NEVER force a dog to mush! Then we took her the next day with Mo instead and she wouldn't do a thing. I got a little mad and I kept the team going. She kept stopping and when she did, she would lay down. I was a little confused and I peeled her off the ground. When we tried to move again she fell down and laid on the road like a dead dog. That spelled the end for our training session. I thought she was just being stubborn, but it appears to be more than that.

There were so many signs. Before we went mushing she was coughing badly and trying to vomit. I took no notice and tried to take her. She wouldn't go. Then the next day she did the same thing. She would not stop coughing. My mommy is a vet and looked over her. She is not stubborn, she is just sick. We think she might have Kennel Cough. If she does, that is terrible. Not only is it terrible for mushing, but for Milly herself. She can't mush or go out if she is wheexing every few minutes. I hope she gets better soon. Her fatigue is still current and she cannot mush with us for the time being. All she does is lay down in the garage and she doesn't look excited when we get the gear out. She better rest a feel better.

Hook up.

It is the most exciting part for the dogs. They know what it means and I am glad that they are so excited to mush. When I pull the harnesses out of the boxes I see Junior's tail wag and the puppies (milly and Mo. They are not puppies, but they name stuck since they were little.) wagged their butts because they have no tails. They jump around and get all excited. Mo whines and cries like a real puppy and jumps all over. Junior pants heavily and does this little dance around the garage that was only cute when Junior was a puppy. It is process of elimination. Until our gangline comes in a few days, one dog must stay at home while the others mush. We take turns of who stays at home. I hate when it's Mo. He is the most devoted to it and he throws a fit whenever we leave him. We hear the crying and howling a mile from our house. Once we get our X-back harnesses and gangline, they can all go.


	3. Chapter 3A Follower

October 13, 2009

Did you know that Milly was just being a lazy sack? We didn't figure that out till later. She was indeed sick, but now she is better and she still wouldn't pull that wagon. Yeah, go figure. We were starting to get the idea that Milly did not want to become a sled dog. She wouldn't know what she is missing though? Junior and Mo would go on like ten mile hikes out in the countryside while she would have to stay at home every day. I wouldn't give up on her. Wanda decided that we hook up Mo and Junior and let Milly trail behind. We let her do that and half a mile down the road I thought we could swap Milly in for Mo. Maybe if Mo was ahead she would go. We tried it and it worked. She did so great that she was pulling Junior! Mo had the makings of a great lead dog. He stayed in front of the team the entire time and responded to the commands even though he wasn't even connected to the wagon. I guess Milly just need a lead dog.

In a wolf pack, Milly would be considered as the Omega Wolf, the lowest member of the pack. She is bossed around my Junior, the pack leader, and Mo, second follower. She will not go without a leader and it can't be me or Wanda. When we get that official gangline, Mo will be hooked up front. Milly will surely pull then. Yep, there is hope for her. By the way, she is a little obese and I don't like obese dogs. This exercise should help out.


	4. Chapter 4 Brand new stuff

October 16

Guess what? Our new gangline came today. I was so happy because our new harnesses are the exact brand Iditarod dogs use to run in the races. They are high quality and amazing. They distribute weight so well that I can literally pick up a dog by the harness and they don't care. Our gangline is for three dogs and I like it a lot. I attached it to the wagon and Wanda and I took them out. We were so stupid that we actually thought things would work. Oh no, dog sledding can't ever be as easy as that. We attached all three of them to their spots as instructed and we put, dare I say it, Junior as the lead dog. On a brightness scale, Junior is about a four watt lightbulb. Yeah, not that great. The problem was that we thought they would run. When we got them going, they charged forward like greyhounds. The wheel dogs, Milly and Mo, ran so fast that they became the lead dogs and left Junior! (Exclamation points are like laughing at your own jokes, but whatever. They're funny, eh?)

Okay, so we tried to keep them in their spots but Milly would switch sides on the gangline and ruin everything. We went about five steps before she messed up something. We went like half a mile before we went home. What we didn't know was that dog agility classes were that night. Good thing we didn't run the dogs like heck and then take them home. We were disappointed and then I realized something. We didn't even hook up the gangline right. We figured out that the orange swift lines were not just for decoration. They attach to dogs. We will try again tomorrow and hope for better luck. Also, we are going to try Mo as lead dog sometime and see how that works. Junior is too dumb to do it.


	5. Chapter 5five country flapjacks

October 16, 2009

Running, say, five miles before going to a marching band game is a bad idea, but we couldn't help it. We had to be at a game by six and we left at three thirty exactly. We came back two hours later. Them dogs just don't stop! I am so proud of them that I could cry. They were dancing with winter and there is nothing like it. For all of you that think dog sledding is a chore because you have to dash after your dogs for miles and train them, it is way more than that. Dog sledding is a way of life and I would do it all day if I could. It is my future. When I see the three of them running like a true team I can just see myself running the Iditarod in the future with a real team of Malamutes or huskies. I want this to be my life.

We hooked them up right and then got on our way. The puppies were hooked up so they couldn't pass Junior and they were actually pulling the sled this time. They would dash down the road, panting and smiling in that way. We only went to the first country intersection when the combines were coming. It is harvest time and they just had to do it while we were mushing. I turned around, saw a combine as big as heck coming at us blocking the whole road, and Wanda and I pulled the team over and waited for them to pass. Man they are huge! (Yes, I laugh at my own jokes.) The people got out of their trucks and saw us traveling by dog power, and looked at us like they all do: Like we are complete crazies. So what if we are? I am proud of what I do.

We traveled about two miles and then we stopped the team.

"We should probably take them back," Wanda suggested.

Now I knew this statement of fact would come and I had to think about it. If we went back, we would travel between cornfields and go the same way back. It was boring! When the dogs are bored, they will not move. They will stand there and try to dash the other way when I turn around. I knew it would be a disaster area.

"Let's keep going."

After a little debate, we kept going. Now, I had a faint idea of what was up ahead and I thought we could do it. Up ahead we would travel through forests, past cow pastures, and it was like all hills so we had hard work. I didn't want to bore them so I decided we keep going and finish the section. After every mile if we kept turning left we would reach our house. The dogs wanted to run and we had time to spare. We kept going. Try saying no to Milly's eyes. When we stop, she pants and smiles.

"Look at me! I'm having fun!" That's what her expression seems to be saying. She wants to run and we let her. Mo has a similar expression except Mo focuses on the road ahead. Junior has eyes of glass. Junior just has this dumb look at all times that doesn't reveal any concept of thought. Junior is foot taller than the puppies, but they are a foot smarter. That is how you can tell how smart a dog is, as I stated. If I didn't, review and remind me so I can tell you the story.

The scenery was absolutely beautiful and I loved every minute of the run. The dogs had never seen cows before and were very fascinated. Chickens scampered behind a fence by the road and Junior went crazy. This is another reason why we want Mo as they lead dog. Mo will ignore whatever it is if I say "Uh-uh!" Junior will ignore me. We decided that after a few runs, we are firing Junior and putting Mo up front as lead dog. Milly is a follower so she is out of the question. Junior is too dumb to be a lead dog. The strongest dogs need to be in the back and pulling the wagon, not up front pretending to be a lead dog. Anyway, we still have that stupid wagon. Unlike dog sleds, it doesn't have breaks on it. To go down hills, I had to hold the sled back so it wouldn't crush the dogs. Downhill, they want to dash a free-for-all. Wanda has to pull back on the gangline and yell "EASY!!!" every five seconds. We went up and down like a dozen hills before we almost got home. We had a few distractions like, say, neighbor dogs that INTERFERED with the training and plenty of passing cars. We got home two HOURS later and went a total of five miles.

I loved every minute of it. This is my life. I want to be out there all day mushing dogs. I want to do this.


	6. Chapter 6Glasseyes

October 17, 2009

If you look into Junior's eyes, they will look like glass. It is because Junior is too stupid to have any expression or any clue about what is going on. This is true. Why didn't we realize this when we put Junior up front as lead dog?

All Junior did was pretend to be a lead dog. The gangline was always slacked and Junior always pulled the team over in the ditch. They could of done way better on their own so today we tried our secret weapon: Mo. Now, I have trained Mo to do a variety of things ever since he was eight weeks old so he looks up to me. We tried putting Mo up there and then said the magic words: Hike! Mo lunged forward, tugging like a real lead dog and the others followed. That line never had any slack and the team followed and he stayed in the middle of the road doing perfectly. Mo looked so good I just wanted to cry. Wanda and I agreed Mo was a gift from above.

I knew it would be too good to last. The thing is about pulling a 140 pound wagon is that it doesn't weigh very much and the wheel dogs can pull it alone, but it is a little heavy if the third dog isn't helping. Mo found out that if he kept the line slacked and didn't pull, it meant less work and he kept doing it. Mo would veer off to the side of the team and was twice as worse as Junior ever was. We had about a mile left to get home and then the team quit on us. No matter what we said they wouldn't move and we had to drag them about the whole mile! It was so infuriating that we personally fired Mo and we are left with no lead dog. (dramatic Beethoven music)


	7. Chapter 7 Black Magic

October 18, 2009

We left early this morning. The sun was up and it was a beautiful day, might I add. It was so warm that the team got a little hot and we had to keep stopping and they wetted themselves down at the pond. It was about 50 out there.

When we left, we weren't sure what to do. We were in hook-up and we had to pick Mo or Junior to be the lead dog. In our dog pack, like I said, Milly is the lowest and NEEDS a leader. We put MO back up there for a second shot. Of course, he stood there and left the line of slack and we couldn't let him burden the team like that. It would be better just to leave him at home. So we put Mo as a wheel dog next to Milly and put Junior back up there. Same results. They know they can get away with being lazy and are not devoted to leading the team. All it took was time for them to realize it. If only we had more weight than 140 pounds! After a quarter mile, we were going to throw in the towel and give up.

"I know," Wanda said. "Since we are already failing, let's put Milly up there."

I laughed to the joke. "Yeah, what do we got to lose?"

So we did. We put happy little smiling Milly up front and left Junior and Mo as the wheel dogs. We knew this was doomed to fail.

"HIKE!"

Then it happened. Milly lunged forward on her harness so hard she almost wiped out and got the team moving. Once the wagon was going, she didn't slow down and slack. She was on the very end of her line pulling like a mad dog. Her claws dug into the ground and she forced the wagon to move. It was too good to be true. We were sure she would quit on us, but she never did. For two miles she never stopped. Then we knew. Milly was our destined lead dog.

Shame on me! It's like they say, never overlook the obvious. I sure did, eh? The smartest dog should be up there as the lead dog and Milly has always been the smartest. Maybe it has something to do with the female of the species, any species. She is amazing. When I look into her eyes, I see smarts in there. I know she understands what is going on and she likes it. We went to a pond and then stopped to take a break.

"Look, guys," Milly seemed to be panting. "I'm having fun!"

We decided that this would be a great reward for their effort. We unclipped Mo and Milly from the traces and let them run loose and explore the pond on their own. Junior can't have that privilege. If we let Junior run loose, he would be gone in a blink of an eye. We put a leash on Junior and walked around the pond. They jumped all over the place, sniffing at mouse burrows, wading in the pond, and watching the minnows just below the water's surface. It was so peaceful and I remembered something. We are going to leave Junior at home one day, take Milly and Mo to the woods by dog sled, unattach them, and then go for a run in the woods. Why not? That is what makes the runs worth it. Excitement!


	8. Chapter 8Livin on a Prayer

October 19, 2009

I am watching Kung Fu Panda while writing this blog. It is pretty exciting so far. As you can probably imagine, I am really going to talk about my dog sledding, not the movie. I thought that when we ran Milly yesterday, her being a great lead dog was just a hoax. There was no way it could be true. We went today and it was the best day of mushing ever. Here are the top things that delay a team.

Distractions- such as neighbor dogs, wild animals, and people and cars.

Lazy team

Terrible lead dog-slacked line and not supporting team

Tangles in hook-up

Well, you get the idea. Well, it was no hoax. Milly is the real deal. That line never has any slack at all and she gives her whole effort. We went on a long run today, the four miler. Yeah, it was really nice. When we went last time, before that band concert, I thought they did great. Now that we had some experience, things went a lot smoother. There were barely any problems with tangles and the team gave it all their effort. We had no slackers. Man I wish I had a better story for you guys. Something exciting better happen for your sake.


	9. Chapter 9Racing Time

October 23, 2009

I have been timing the team and things are moving pretty smooth. Last time I timed the dogs to run to the fish pond and back, a few miles, it took an hour and a half. We waited a while and then went again. This time it only took them an hour. The dogs love to run and they get better at it every day. They are sharper with their commands and they can run farther and faster.

Remember how I said Milly would never last as lead dog? She is still holding strong. In an hour and a half we covered three miles and they can go a lot farther. Even Junior likes to pay attention now! Today we went down the three mile trail. During the trail, Junior is King Treader.

King Treader is known for treading ganglines. Junior will gladly step over the line and trample it in the dust. Well, right after we have to disentangle the team. When Milly up not up front, Junior will tread down her gangline and we have to re-set up. Yesterday was a nightmare compared to today. Yesterday we took them out and we stupidly stayed out there too long. At 5:30, rush hour begins. As in rush hour, I mean country rush our which is a car every five minutes. We had to pull over every five minutes and wait for them to pass by. The dogs were getting really BORED. For all of you that like math out there, here is a simple summed equation. WHOA!+dogs+open road= no hope of getting home on time!

On the bright side, our word is getting out. Apparently, we ARE known as crazy mushers. At the post office, apparently some people were talking about us, two twins running a team of three in a wagon out in the country. Someone pulled a car over to the edge of the road and said they heard about us and wanted to see us dog sledding. That is great and all. That is the publicity I want, but the dogs won't run if anyone is watching us. It turns out, quite a few tried to. We had a little audience on the side of the road and the dogs didn't want to run. We finally survived that when we climbed a diabolical hill, but then we had another thing to add to the stress fest. The thing about Argenta country dogs is that people let them run loose wherever the heck they want to go. We were running the team by a house when this Golden Retriever ran out from nowhere barking.

That is a problem and many people know why. When I take my dog, Mo, to agility class Mo has a reputation for being a "little" aggressive and pushy. As in a little, Mo will attack any dog that gets too near. It's not that bad! I don't know what gossip the other agility people are hearing, but when they have to walk by Mo they are looking at him like he is a wild wolf. Oh come on! There are other aggressive dogs too and they don't get those stares. If that Golden Retriever would of came to close to our team, let's just say I would have to pay a vet bill. Good thing I didn't have to. This is becoming a regular thing actually. First that one, then one the four mile dog run these hunting dogs come to greet us and Mo practically breaks the gangline trying to attack them. Of all the dogs, why did I end up stuck with this one? Anyway, we survive. There is only one other dog that the team has accepted into their little pack and that is Little Friend, the lab from next door. Little Friend, I'm getting off the subject by the way, is always waiting at our house when we get home from mushing every day. I want to secretly put Little Friend on our dog sledding team, but I can't train a dog that is not my own to go dog sledding long distances with my team.

Anyway, once we passed the Golden Retriever we thought that Milly and MO deserved a reward. We unhooked them from the gangline and let them go explore in the woods. The moment we let them off they saw a deer or something and dashed. They were gone in a flash and it makes me wish they ran like that while mushing. Junior as you know cannot be let offleash so we walked Junior on one. Our dogs also hold a reputation for being the best dogs in the world. They always come back no matter where we are. When they ran off, I was sure they would be back. After five minutes they were and then they ran off again… Blah blah blah.

Anyway, for the first time ever down the three miler we made it home in one piece. They didn't go on strike a half mile from home. They actually pitched in a good effort and we made it home at 5:40. We left at 4:15. Not bad! They can probably cut down that time even more after more and more training. Keep tuning in to my blog and I'll fill you in on all the mushing details! :D


	10. Chapter 10BRRRR!

October 25, 2009

It flooded. I was too blind to realize that until it was too late. All thanks to my ignorance, I got pretty darn close to hypothermia.

It was a mighty beautiful weekend of about 50 degrees and the sun was shining. The team wanted to run so Wanda and I took them. I planned out a new route for them and decided we would go farther than ever, the five mile run. We will gradually get farther. I mean, we used to think three miles was insane and now that is Sesame Street compared to what we do now. Them dogs are great! Anyway, we made it to the fish pond in record time and the team was quite fascinated with how flooded it was. Water was pouring from the fields into the pond and the pipes were so swelled they were practically underwater. I was amazed. We unclipped the dogs from the gangline and let them play like we did that other time. I love the water in the pond. It is always so pretty. When I get thirsty I drink it. It's not that sanitary, but I have never had any problems with it.

I jumped to the other side of the pond by islands and walked down the stream that led to the lake in a few miles. Wanda was walking Glass-Eyes (Junior) on the other side and finally I wanted to get back to them after we were quite far away. Wanda tried to find a good place for me to cross. By the time we thought we found one, my feet were soaked and freezing.

"Heck, I'll just cross this thing," I decided.

We had been this way many times before and I knew the stream was only about two feet deep at the most. I could see the bottom of it a little bit downstream. I found the narrowest part of the stream and… leaped! BIG MISTAKE! I plunged in the middle of the stream and found out it was no two feet deep. I sank until I was about four feet high and it went up to the middle of my shirt. I was in a state of shock and it felt like all my limbs were iced together. Finally they jerked into motion and I flailed out on to the bank. If this was real Alaska, I would of died instantly. You can't swim in the extreme cold. If the water doesn't kill you, the hypothermia will. When I crawled out, I had never been so cold. I stood up and every time I moved I felt colder.

My hoodie and pants were starting to get crusty from the cold air so I took them off. Wanda and I found me a coat and I wore the blanket in the wagon as a skirt and my body heat started to warm me up instantly. I was like a human popsicle when we got back to the wagon.

"We can do the fiver miler some other time," Wanda said sympathetically.

I looked at Wan strange. "What are you talking about? We're doing the five miler right now."

"You mean you don't want to go home?"

"Not at all. I'm taking one for the team."

I ran five miles freezing. It hurt so much to run because all my muscles were locked together and couldn't move. After about an hour out there I dried up mostly so I didn't have to suffer any more. The adventure was quite fun.

Wait. It gets worse. After the five miles are over, the team was too tired to even run. They were panting like heck and looked happy to get home. I thought Junior would be too tired to go anywhere so I took Junior off the gangline while I hooked up the others and then they ran off! Junior just charged off like the stupid idiot he was always destined to be. Milly and MO ended up coming back from their forest run four hours later. Their harnesses were coated in burrs and they looked like chocolate labs. BAD DOGS!


	11. Chapter 11 We are family!

October 30, 2009

Events in lifeare funny things. They tell of a specific event. This chapter is nothing much in particular, but I am ready include all those amazing details in my dog sledding times that are real mysteries.

When you think of Milly, Mo, and Junior, you only know them as the sled dogs of my team. They are way more than that and I will start with Junior.

My family got Junior and I have always wished they hadn't. I always ask myself this: Of all the dogs in the world to get, why did it have to be that one? Airdale Terriers are considered one of the dumbest dog breeds by science and they cost a lot of money. Junior cost a lot for nothing. Glass-Eyes is what we call Junior for being so dumb. There is such thing as a dog that doesn't learn as quickly as others, but then you can see a dog that has no clue what is ever going on. If you look into your dogs eyes, you can see everything about it. Its personality, its smarts, hobbies, interests, happiness… Go look for it and you can find it. In Junior's eyes, they are like looking at marbles. Junior, no matter what we are doing, just pants stupidly and never has any expression or spark to learn.

"HIKE! HIKE!"

We practically do that in Junior's face and he has not a clue what it means. He just stares at us blankly and I feel like I am talking to a deaf dog. We have been mushing for weeks now and Junior still doesn't even know the meaning of stop and go. I mean, come on! Milly knew the commands after our fist run and Junior still has no idea what they mean. He probably doesn't even know what mushing is every time we go because he has the memory of a goldfish. I have never loved Junior for many reasons. He is only on the team because I don't have a better replacement dog. After, "the incident" I have never loved Junior. I say way more bad things than I do good.

To make a long story short, Junior almost ended the life of a poor kitten, a lot of poor kittens and Junior killed many cats and that is why. Junior has no respect for me as a pack leader. Junior couldn't care less about any commands I say and he tries to pee on me like I am property! I just don't like that dog. Junior is a stupid monster and if I could trade Junior for another dog like Milly and Mo, I would do it as long as Junior went to a good home.

Before we got the puppies, Wanda trained Junior and I trained an old beagle named Midge. (Lots of tears). Junior is an obedience class drop-out and an Agility Class failure and a mushing deadweight. Junior smells like a dead fish at all times and is about as ugly as one.

I have said enough about Junior. Let's go to my pride and joy: Mo. Mo is a red merle Australian Shepherd. I got Mo to train as an obedience and agility dog when Midge got old. I went to that farm in the country and I had a whole litter of puppies to choose from. There were eight all together and I had a few hours to pick a puppy.

All the puppies had the spark of learning and leadership and they wanted a home. Every one of them except one black female was fair game. I didn't want her. I didn't like her. She was black, tan, and white and all she did was sleep. She had no interest in me unlike the rambunctious guys. So you want to know who this puppy was? Milly! That little puppy I turned down at eight weeks old was Milly. I can't imagine life without her now and I eliminated her the moment I saw her.

When it came down to the last two puppies, everyone waited for my dramatic decision. When I saw Mo disappear under a lawn chair to go play, I instantly knew that I wanted to spend my life with this dog. I ran over and scooped MO in my arms. I was lost in the moment thinking about how many years we would spend together and our lives flashed before my eyes. It was enough to make me want to cry.

What does your name mean to you? It is the definition of who you are and it describes you. When I first picked up that puppy, I knew his name. It shown as clearly as if it were written on him. I named him the moment I picked him up and I never had any other better names.

Mo.

To make a long novel short, Mo and I have spent the last three years together. MO is exactly what I wanted in a dog. He is brilliant at agility, has ribbons, places, scores, and I dropped out of obedience class. What was I thinking? It's not that Mo was dumb, he was just bored. Unlike agility class, we weren't allowed to talk to our dog and baby talk them, no treats, no anything. They had choke collars and it was just mean torture so we dropped out and never came back. I laugh in the face of obedience class now.

When I look into Mo's copper eyes, I see our lives. I see that Mo looks up to me like a pack leader and he will do whatever I say and is happy to please me. He has the learning potential of an Aussie and is capable of learning. Milly has this look on occasions, but Mo also has this humorous spark that he wants to play rope or whatever at any time of the day. Mo is a fun dog and loves to wrestle with me. I sleep well at night knowing that MO would never be the great dog he is today if I didn't raise him. We are alike in almost every way! It's scary!

Milly is the caper of our team. She is capable of magic that the other dogs are not capable of doing. We don't know how she does it, but we don't call her Black Magic for nothing. She has the power to tangle a gangline in no time flat. When we try to disentangle the line, he can't do it and we have to unhook the dogs. Now that she is lead dog, we don't run into that problem much anymore, but Milly was a weird and not meant to be wheel dog. She would twist the line around and stuff so the brass buckle was clipped on the opposite side of Mo's harness or Mo's harness clip would be under his front paws or something. How? Who knows. The world may never know. How does she do it?

When I look into Milly's eyes, I see bright intelligence. She is not a Curious George like Mo. She is a proper Doggy Wonder that will do whatever Wanda says. Wanda is her trainer and she is just like Wanda. She is a little angel and ever questions why she must do things like Mo. If Mo doesn't want to do agility and would rather play with a rope, I understand that and I get the rope. Mo and I understand each other. If Milly doesn't want to do something, she does it anyway. I think she thinks that she lives in servitude to Wanda. I personally don't think that is a good thing though. The dog has gotta loosen up a little bit. I bet she would be just like Mo if I raised her. Anyway, Milly is Mo's sister. She is black with tan paws and a little white on her tummy. She ist he only dog that has absolutely NO tail. Taillessness is common at my house. We have a tailless cat who had to get it removed, Milly and Mo and Junior have no tails either. Anyway, Milly's story is similar to Mo's.

PANCAKES! Random! :D


	12. Chapter 12Dead and Buried

November 4, 2009

Yesterday, I realized what I want to do for sure. I know what I am doing with my life. It was just a normal mushing session, but winter was in the air. The air was crisp and cold so it felt like I was drinking water with every breath. It was amazing. When the team ran, I imagined what this would be like in Alaska. I would know my place in the world. I would have a spiritual connection to the life every human should live. It is my life. It is official. I said this a lot in the first chapter and I am going to Alaska when I grow up. When I grow up, my goal in life is to one day run the Iditarod: Toughest Race on Earth. Hopefully you readers will read this and someday know that I entered the Iditarod!

Anyway, let's get back to what happened this hectic day. It was the worst day we ever had mushing. I am not talking about a dog being lazy or Wanda and I not in it. I am talking BAD things. Okay, so the day started normal. We took the dog team down the four mile trail and it was going great. The dogs wanted to run and we were making great time. I was riding in the wagon, on top of the world, and then… BAM! The wagon bolted to the side and started scraping and it went out of control. Of course the team kept running and then Wanda and I finally stopped the wagon. I looked back on the road and saw we lost a wheel.

I am pretty good at fixing things. It is what I do. I once fixed a porch swing three times with bolts, screws, tape, and string. I fix quite a few things so the first thing I did was look at the wagon to fix it. Unfortunately, it was beyond my help. The wheel was disfigured, the hubcap was lost, and the axle was messed up.

Unlike everyone else in Illinois, I understand what a coyote is. When people see one, the first thing they want to do is shoot it. They don't think of what its purpose in life is. I don't care that they eat cats and dogs. That is what they must do to survive and I respect that completely. When I saw that coyote on that run, I was honored to be in its presense. Coyotes are amazing animals and I am glad they live in Illinois instead of wishing them all to die.

I got a little off track. When the team saw it standing 20 feet from where they were, they went berserk and started chasing it. The coyote panted and seemed to be laughing at our dogs and then took off with our team pulling a three wheeled wagon behind them. IT was gone in a minute. Anyway, we had to get home before dark. Our plan was to drag the wagon for the next few miles while the other person walked the team home. Listen, my friends. You can Not walk a dog sled team. What do you think they are going to do? They are going to pull you the whole way so you will be pulled flat if you don't hold back as hard as you can. I am sure you are wondering why we didn't just press that handy little button on our cell phone and call home. Well, of course things couldn't be that easy. The battery was completely dead and we didn't know it until the time we actually needed it. So we had to walk home.

The team bolted off in the woods once too many times and I was sick of it. Instead of the road, I saw the cut down bean field and I could see out house from there. It would be a lot quicker to take the field home and Wanda agreed. We took the team in the field. Wanda was plowing the field with the axle of the wagon and that made it extremely hard to pull. Speaking of hard to pull, I was sick of being dragged so I let Milly off her line, being the lead dog. She stayed with us for a while…

I didn't actually see the pandemonium until it was too late to run back. I reached the top of the ridge and saw prairies, cow pastures, fields, and a few houses. I thought it was just a field! No. I made the best of this situation and then planned a route next to the cornfield. Then Milly disappeared. She squeezed under a fence and caused mayhem in a cow pasture. CRAP! We finally got her back and then just left the wagon to pick up with the golf cart later. We took my planned route by the cornfield. We went two steps on average before getting tangled in corn stalks. I was covered in about 50 burrs. We finally stumbled into someone's yard at about dark and shambled home. After about half an hour we went In the pitch black to retrieve the wagon. We loaded it in the golf cart. Oh no, it couldn't be that easy. If something good happened, I would probably freak out.

BUMP! The golf cart hit a ridge and got stuck. Now we were stuck out there again with no golf cart, no wagon, no team, and no cell phone. Not to mention it was dark out! Luckily, I had the brains to pull it out though. I grabbed the rubber and pulled with all my might. We got it out and finally drove home. Then when we took everything out of the wagon, the cell phone was no there. We lost it out in the field. It is dead so we can't call it to find it.

What a day, huh?


	13. Chapter 13Lost Ground

February 5, 2010

Hello and this is me Cosmo returning. I haven't wrote the blog in a while and a lot has happened over the past few months that changed my whole dog sledding career. I will start with the new improvements.

We got a brand new dog cart. When I first saw it, it was much better than I expected. It is yellow and has the dimensions of a dog sled on wheels. The wheels are fairly big in diameter and it has a rack to stand on along with a stand on brake. I looked it over and thought it looked okay. I learned a little later that you can't judge a cart by appearance because all dog teams are different. The # of dogs varies along with the size of the dogs, weight of the musher, outback mushed on… It goes on. Our cart is not built for our conditions. Wanda and I were ignorant though and we thought they would fly with that cart like Iditarod sled dogs. We hooked them up and tried a good run.

"HIKE!"

I wasn't sure why they weren't moving. They usually thrust themselves against their harnesses, whining with anxiety. Once going, they would observe the ground in front of them and listen to the clacking of their claws. They barely tried and then just stood there. Milly looked at me panting, like she wanted to go, but her paws were glued to the floor. Mo was crying and watching the land warily and Junior, never having a clue, just looked on panting. I told them to hike again and they wouldn't try. So I took my bike (better than running!) and biked ahead, which made them go hysterical and they started to pull. NO we were going. We went about a mile down the road when I realized how easy biking was. Normally the team goes at a brisk trot, fast enough to leave the biker behind going 14 mph. I was staying ahead of them today. Wanda watched them the whole time and she observed they were still trotting, but not fast, as if they were on a magic treadmill. IN a way, they were. I watched their lines and saw that they were all pulling so hard I thought the harness would dice them into little pieces. So we unhooked a dog and really experimented this. Without weight and going the exact same speed, Milly could go twice as fast as the others without even trying. It was just too hard on them and we were seeing this. We finished our run though and aired up the tires. We thought that would help. We went on another run and it worked! The team could run better and we could carry on. Deep inside though, we knew this couldn't last long. We could continue to hone our dog's strength with this cart, but now forever. We needed a competitive edge.

Then Elsie happened!

Our fourth mushing dog we got at a pound on the border of Indiana. For days we talked about how we needed a fourth dog to take some weight and build us a better team. It was hard to convince the family, for they used to think mushing was just a stupid pastime we would get bored of. We never did though and I think we were convincing them. Anyway, our dogs could pull the cart, but it was arduous labor for them. If we would of wanted a dog and we didn't mush, it would have been a definite NO. In this case, we had a reason.

We went to the Decatur Animal Shelter. It seemed like a good place, but I was catching hints it wasn't for us. Wanda insanely wanted this dog named Sue. She looked like a good PET dog, not a musher. Sled dogs are athletes and I thought Wanda was treating dog sledding like a joke when I saw her dog. It was an Aussie/Golden Retriever mix. Let's look at the facts here, shall we? For a start, I never wanted Aussies on my team, but I have em. They are HERDING dogs. For centuries their instinct has been to HERD larger animals. The Golden Retriever part, they are trained mostly for domesticatecompatibility, in other words, a pet. They are not working dogs. That combination would get us a pet for sure, not a mushing dog. I saw this for sure. She only weighed 35 pounds. Wanda had to be joking. That is five pounds smaller than Milly and she is too small. We needed a big dog! I was getting overruled and losing the battle though. Wanda was taking Sue outside when the receptionist said "Don't keep her out too long. It's cold outside."

Cold. FWI, it was 40 degrees. That is hot for mushing dog standards. If she came home with us, she would live the whole winter in 20. They obviously thought none of their dogs were working dogs.

In the end, they wouldn't let us adopt any dogs from there because of what we were doing, even though we were very caring owners. So we moved on. We found a place about an hour from our house, a pound, that wasn't too picky on where the animals went. We got Elsie and took her home with us.

There are a few details I will leave out. If I wrote everything that happened in the mushing career, I would have 1,000 pages here, no kidding. Elsie is a Samoyed, mixed with something else. She is young, probably 9 months old. I was VERY pleased on her first run. Wanda and I were going on a nice 5 miler to spice up the day. When we harnessed the dogs, they carried on by catapulting mud on our coats and whining. Elsie could sense the excitement in the air. She was excitedly confused, wondering what about this time of day made the other dogs so excited. She started her little prancy dance she does when she is excited and barked a few times. She has an extremely high energy level, (all sled dogs are like that) and it would drive her crazy to leave her behind.

"Wanda, let's take her with us."

Wanda kind of looks at me strangely and then comes to a verdict. "Elsie will ruin out whole run. She'll slow us down, not know what to do, and we can't even hook her up to the team."

I was prepared for that question. Wanda finally agreed and we took her. We got the team out and hooked up to the cart. Hooking up a fresh dog to the team will confuse them and perhaps sour them to the idea of mushing. Trust me, I've been there. I adjusted her extendable leash and tied her to the side of the cart so she could run beside us, but not pull anything. I had my foot on the brake for when we were dragging her behind or something. When we prepared to leave, she was tensed up, her one pointy ear fixed to the trail ahead. Her tail wagged slightly and she was like a statue.

"HIKE! COME ON TEAM, LET'S GO!"

With that Mo started crying and the team moved down the road. Elsie's spotlight was upon her as her adrenaline pulsed. With no thought she shot forward like a white streak and started pulling on her harness. Her claws dug into the road to push her even farther. Her loping was fast and she panted excitedly, barking occasionally. I stood on that cart like a sack of potatoes, not taking any control of the team or Elsie. I couldn't take my eyes off the prodigy before my eyes. She didn't even give a second thought to pulling, she did it herself. She was pulling so hard that she caused an imbalance on the right side of the cart. She was pulling over half the weight by herself. I mean, check this. Cart+me+supplies=230 pounds. For a mile she did this nonstop pulling so I kind of expected she knew how to mush already. It was just instinct though. Mo, Milly, and Junior never shared this instinct that made me favor Elsie. We had to teach them how the pull a cart, forming this instinct inside them with praise and encouragement. When we hooked them up, they just wouldn't move because the idea of pulling something so heavy scared them. Not Elsie. Unlike them, she didn't think. She pulled. Junior has the no-think quality too, but that also means Junior won't think about anything at all except how to slack and make the others do all the work. It was amazing so I mile down the road I stopped the team. We had to put her up front. So we did. We hooked her up right next to Milly.

WARNING: To you mushers out there. Once you hook up a dog for the first time, remove any sharp utensil from your cart/sled so you are not tempted to kill your dog with it.

Once Elsie was hooked up, she didn't understand her boundaries within the gangline. Mo, Milly, And Junior didn't catch on for a while either. We had to stop the team literally every 100 feet to untangle a dog that mindlessly jumped a line. Elsie, in her excitement, would twirl in circles and we had to get off, unhook the whole lot, and do it again. For about 20 minutes we only went a miles because we had to keep stopping Elsie from tangling the team. She is also a ditch runner. If she sees a deer, bird, pop can, ect., she will charge like the leader of a wolf pack to go find it. She doesn't understand yet that the cart has brakes so she can't run the team off to find her selected item. Milly used to be a sole lead dog that made all the decisions by herself. Ever since Elsie became more dominant over the team, Milly doesn't like it and they occasionally fight. That's right, the females fight while Mo and Junior watch hazily. So every time she swerves to the ditch, Milly pulls the opposite way to stay on the road. Milly fights her own battles because Mo and Junior have no directional control whatsoever. Sometimes Elsie wins and pulls the team in the ditch and at other times Milly wins and pulls Elsie out from the ditch. They are competitive dogs. Sometimes I think Elsie purposely tries to run in the ditch just to compete with Milly. They are a hilarious couple. Some people think dogs can't communicate with one another and are just animals, but they have a soul like any other animal. Just because humans can't understand them doesn't mean their stupid.

Dogs talk, just not the way we do. I can understand what they are saying by looking into their eyes or watching their movements. Whenever Elsie runs, she is thinking one word: RUN! She doesn't care where she is running as long as she does it. Junior is thinking about the scenery and eagerly waits for a deer or an animal to wander in our path. Milly looks down at her paws while she runs, just thinking about the trail ahead and the trail they pass. Mo thinks about the weight he pulls by his body movement. He repeatedly adjusted to the right speed so every dog is pulling the weight he gives them and goes slow enough to run averagely without the line jingling. Over all, they are very thoughtful when they run. Once the leaving home hysteria of leaving home wears off, they are a very thoughtful bunch, mostly just thinking about their good time.


	14. Chapter 14Road to Nowhere

February 6, 2010

If I didn't know any better, I would think that someone napped my dogs in the dead of night and replaced them with champions. New snow fell over the woods and it was the most perfect mushing day. When we got there, I thought I knew my dogs. I thought they had no directional commands in their heads and they still wouldn't go ahead by themselves. Yeah, running a golf cart ahead of them is pathetic. I thought we would have to do it though. Once we got there, I thought we should let them forge on their own. Of we always babied them, they would never learn. Of course Wanda thinks lowly of the team, thinking them going themselves was unheard of.

"HIKE!"

When Wanda was getting the golf cart ready, I told them to hike. TO my surprise, they did not wait for her. They pulled on their harnesses and broke into a full run. Wanda chased us with the golf cart, but let the team run ahead, riding behind the sled. The team never gave a second thought, they just ran and ran. I felt on top of the world, like Rose and Jack on the Titanic. I kept yelling words of praise, but I think it annoyed them. I was ruining their silent winterdance so I shut up after I realized that. A fresh blanket of snow was on the ground, but it was slush. It was 28 out so the snow was already getting slushy. Slush is not good to run a sled in because it kind of sinks into the ground about two inches. We ignored this fact because it was amazing out. Snow was gathered on every tree and all the trees had ice on them. Incredible. NO civilization for miles around! We ran on and on without a problem.

Normally our woodland runs, well, any runs for that matter are a stress fest. We thought Milly was black magic, but she is just a counterfeit compared to Elsie. Her favorite thing to do is spin in circles to celebrate her excitement. Every time she does that, it takes minutes to disentangle the team. Every so and so feet we have to stop to untangle something Elsie did. She just pants happily like she doesn't see anything wrong. Our other dogs did that for a while too. If a line appeared in front of them, they mindlessly jumped it. IF they saw something interesting, they would blunder out of the line after it. Finally they figured out that it was more trouble than it was worth and stopped.

Milly and Elsie ran together today and Elsie didn't tangle us this time. She stayed with the team and they ran as a team. The run was great and they followed all our commands.

I have to tell you a story that happened last week. After the run, I wanted to cry because of my own guilt. As a team, we are supposed to listen to each other and talk to each other. We were in a hurry and I didn't understand them. During the run, they went so slow that the biker was barely pedaling. They acted like they were having a good time, but they wouldn't go any faster than that. I didn't think about why they did it, I only thought about how much time they were wasting. No matter how many times we told them to hike they wouldn't speed up. We went a few miles and it was blowing, believe me. It was probably 4 degrees out and the wind picked up, blowing snow a little and ice coated the roads. I fell off my bike and got sick. For some reason, after the fall I got so squeamish I lost my thoughts. Wanda let me ride the cart. I leaned over the handlebar and suddenly I couldn't see Milly. She was hidden in a screen of black. I was blacking out and I knew it. I closed my eyes, took a few deep breaths, and opened my eyes again. Mo and Junior were gone. I panicked a little and thought that I would slump off the cart and fall on the road like a sack of potatoes. I couldn't say anything in my daze and I didn't think to stop the team. I looked up at the sky and could still see it. It looked like the world's largest thunderstorm.

In the end, we ended up turning around and going home. I was in a daze and I thought a nice trip home would be in order.

"HIKE!"

The team wouldn't move. Mo whined and they turned around so we could keep going down the trail. We roughly turned them back around and ordered them to hike. They didn't want to, but finally they did. They went at practically a walking pace and hesitated before every step.

"HIKE!" we screamed. "HIKE!"

The more they wouldn't hike, the madder we got. We got so mad at them we bellowed and the biker would leave the bike to drag them forwards by the harnesses. Going home seemed so easy, but they made it hard for us so we made it hard for them. It took about two hours to drag them all the way home. It was unpleasant because the dogs were sad and looked at us in fear, but still held their ground when it came to not going home. The loyal Aussies (Elsie wasn't here yet) tried to pull on occasions, but they had to drag Junior along with the cart. Junior would literally pull backwards. By the time we got home, we were blazing. If the dogs had tails, they would be down to the floor. Wanda was how we ended up seeing the error in our ways.

"MILLY!" Wanda was at the zero tolerance level. She unattached Milly when we got home, because we were unhooking the team, and she threw Milly in the direction of the house. Milly surprisingly yelped. Milly never does that and then Wanda realized how rough she was being. When she tried to call Milly back, Milly blundered to the house sacredly. Wanda rushed after to go make things right while I was left with Mo and Junior. They looked up at me and I looked at them. I reached out and petted their heads, feeling stupid. I was overwhelmed with guilt and the dogs knew it. I felt even worse because they forgave me. I wished they would hate me instead. I deserved it. They said something to me though.

 _I told you so._

They said it in a kind way though that made me understand. They told us they didn't want to go home and we are a team. We were outvoted 2 to 3 and we should have went on for their sake. Mushing is their only excitement in life and we took it away from them for the day. It shouldn't have been done and I will never make that mistake again.


End file.
