


Dark Ages The Ultimate Assassin

by 0Gravity



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Romance
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2012-07-10
Updated: 2013-01-17
Packaged: 2018-09-27 16:38:10
Rating: T
Chapters: 7
Words: 20,614
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/3040425/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/853053/0Gravity
Summary: Dark Ages is the tale of a young girl trying to make her way in the world of torn Europe now while I know some of the items are not exactly historically accurate that's not the intent here so please no hate on that Thanks and enjoy!





	1. Chapter 1

**Dark Ages**

By ZeroGavity

Prologue

The year 573 A.D.

A young baby girl was born in a small village in what is now modern day France.

Her name was Ember Rose. Her father was a Frankish man who was one of the most highly talented and recommended assassins of his time. He and his wife Rose settled down in Frankish territory shortly before the fall of the Western Roman Empire. The assassin trade was one of the highest paying jobs in the current world. Because of the constant feuds between princes, chief, and city-kings assassins were always needed. One man would hire an assassin while his enemy would try to hire a better one to take out him out first. Many leaders died from the shadowy warriors. However, Ember's father was a different assassin.

Ember's ancestor was actually from the Far East, a ninja that lived on the island of Japan he was framed for a crime and banished from his clan. Instead of joining his enemy the samurai he left Japan to explore the world. He later then married and settled in the Western Roman Empire hired for his great talent. As the generations passed, his descendants were taught the same skills and later married Europeans. Every child was taught that the secrets of the ninja were only to remain in their home and only to be taught by their descendants. If they were to have multiple descendants only the oldest was to learn the secret art.

Ember however, was an only child her mother died from a disease when she was only three. Her father did the best he could to support the young girl and never remarried. He did this to protect his family's secrets and for Ember's safety. When she was five Ember started to learn the family traits that her father possessed.  
Ember was an incredible learner, she learned skills that were far beyond her age. By age eleven she could already sneak past her father's eagle eye and take down a hidden target. She could track a deer on a rainy day, she seemed like the one thing her entire family worked on for generations…the title of Ultimate Assassin.

She also had secret weapons to help her, as the years passed and the Western Roman Empire fell, Ember's family adapted to the weapons of their time. However, there was one weapon they always kept, one weapon they kept secret from the rest of the western world.

The katana.

A single edged blade that could carve through enemies like butter, what made it better for the assassins was the fact that it was light and portable. Only 29 inches long it wasn't the biggest blade but it was certainly the best. When she was training, Ember used shorter version called a ninjito. This blade was only 26 inches long but does the same things a katana could do only smaller for trainees. The knife of choice however for the assassins was the tanto. A small 4 inch blade could easily be hid in the folds of a robe, strapped underneath a sleeve or in a shoe it was also like the katana but much smaller. The assassins also had some Hun in them. They learned how to make the composite bow, a small multi-curved bow that could shoot far but with a small frame, it was perfect for long range assassination.

By the age of 14 Ember had mastered the katana, the tanto, and the composite bow. She could outshoot any archer, outfight any solider and out sneak anyone in her village.

However a Celtic raid killed many villagers, because of the remote location the village did not have many soldiers.

Many people were killed, including Ember's father.

Now she lives alone, trusting no one she is set to get money, find work, and become what her father always wanted her to be: The Ultimate Assassin.

Chapter 1

Ember sat in a tree overlooking a village, it was small and out of the way her client wanted the chief there dead. So that's what she was going to do at first her client, a chief named Calhan, was more than hesitant to hire a female assassin. But after looking over her reputation he decided to go with what he had.

Ember would not let him down, after all this was a job. Her father always taught her three basic laws of the family.

One, never harm an innocent. At first Ember thought this was a contradicting the family's work but when her father told her it meant don't kill anyone you don't have to. Keep casualties to a minimum, not only does it give her a sense of honor but it also keeps detection lower. Instead of always killing a person you come across sneak by them and eliminate the chance of someone finding a dead body and raising the alarm.

Two, always keep learning. Although he knew Ember couldn't possible know everything, he drilled into her to always come up with new original ideas, tactics that might help her in the future.

Three, trust no one outside the family. That one seemed easy enough she already had mastered that one. However her father also taught her not to always deny an offer of friendship. More allies meant more chance of success. However the more allies also meant the more chance of detection in a job. So Ember decided to eliminate any chance of trust and to keep being a solo assassin. Although on the outside she was a very attractive girl, she was only 17 she knew she turned many young male heads when she walked through a village or town in disguise as a peasant.  
Somewhat short and thin she had curly blond hair that went to her shoulders it seemed to shine in the sun making more beautiful. Her face was slightly pale, but pleasant when she wanted it to be. Her blue-gray eyes shone like twin stars, but underneath they were as cold as ice. To those she knew, which was almost no one, she was hot-headed and tough as iron. Able to take down men almost twice her size Ember was a master fighter. She didn't look the part but she definitely knew how to handle herself in a tough situation.

She wore her katana on her back usually under her cloak, with her bow right next to it and her quiver making an X across her sword sheathe. She had four tanto, one on her waist in the back, one strapped to each thigh under her short skirt with the final in her shoe. She only used the shoe tanto when she was captured or when she was in disguise.

Ember dressed in a simple blue short skirt that ended just below her knees she also had black shorts underneath she wore a black short-sleeved shirt. She also always had a dark green cloak that would hide her in the night. But it was short enough so it wouldn't snag on the ground or get caught easily. She also wore a bandanna, a simple dark green piece of cloth that could be slipped over her nose to prevent anyone from knowing her face. Her shoe of choice was a simple black riding boot that went halfway up her shin.

Now Ember got down from her perch after studying her terrain it was hilly true enough but also wooded close to the fort. Most chiefs couldn't build castles due to the amount of stone needed and the time it consumed. But many built forts as a better defense. Ember walked around the village keeping an eye out for sentries, anyone would be suspicious of someone walking around at night. Although she had a million and one lies to say she still didn't want to be detected. She was about a hundred feet from the fort _this would be easy_ she thought.

"Halt who goes there?" a sentry shouted.

Ember froze she turned to the direction of the sentry, she gulped silently she would have to dispatch him before-

"I was just out looking for my dog," a child's voice said.

Ember breathed out silently, _that was close_ she thought.

She turned back to her destination and reached the forts pitiful palisade walls. The wooden walls were more than just pitiful she decided they were downright stupid. Anyone could set fire to them in a number of places and the sentries would be in so much confusion it would be pathetic.

Just as she finished the thought an idea sprung to her head.

She went into the forest she would need to be something from there first…

A sentry walked on the low palisade's on his chief's fort, he sighed, honestly he didn't really see why his chief wanted him here it's not like anything could get past the town sentries. After all what is there to be afraid of? He had the largest band in these parts of the country, why would anyone want to attack him?  
The sentry settled on his spear, a few hours of sleep before anyone woke up wouldn't hurt.

In a few minutes he was fast asleep, but little did he realize that was the biggest mistake of his life…and his last.

Ember made six small piles of wood at the base of the walls, in two sets of three, one set was set at the east wall eight feet from each other, Ember had a long thin string-like fuse going about thirty feet. She also had another set of three at the north wall, opposite from the town, again each pile of wood eight feet away from each other, with a long string-like fuse however this one was forty feet instead of thirty.

She set the longer fuse on the pile she was currently at she did this so that each pile of wood would start burning at nearly the same time. She lit the forty foot fuse, the fuse didn't give off a bright flash or any smoke but it burned well.

She then moved like a wraith through the forest, and set off the other fuse. She then backtracked and went to the west wall watching the piles of wood at the northern side.

If she didn't know the fuses were there she would never had seen them. Because of the somewhat long grass they were hidden quite well. She smiled grimly to herself, this was too easy.

She took off her composite bow, she saw the three wood piles light at first it seemed the piles would only burn and not the walls, and then the fire caught to the palisade.

She tensed her bow, as she focused on the only sentry he was sleeping slouching on the highest point in the wall, right above the gate. At night it would have been a difficult shot but he had a torch nearby giving her some light to see him, he was barely a hundred meters away. An easy shot for someone at her skill level the bow spat the arrow at her target. The instant she released she knew it was a kill shot, she reloaded just as the sentry fell to the outside of the wooden wall with a slight thud.

Ember saw the three fires now spreading along the palisade, she was actually quite shocked that no on had smelt or heard them already.

"Fire! Fire! Someone help there's a fire!" a voice screamed from the inside.

Ember raised an eyebrow, "spoke too soon," she said quietly.

Just as Ember predicted the whole fort was in pure chaos soldiers came out of the barracks screaming, people came out of the small houses trying to put out the flames, however due to the amount of running people hardly any water made it there. All the other water was spilled due to tripping or people running into each other.

Ember's target, a man named Cashin, came out he had no armor on nor a weapon he was actually was bare from the waist up.  
"An easy target" Ember said to herself.

She drew back her bow, he was barking out orders like most chiefs do but actually doing almost no work.

He was on the wall right over a fire, Ember released the arrow it pierced his chest right between he over muscled ribs and into his heart.

Cashin didn't know what hit him until he looked down with a stricken look on his face and fell right into the largest of the fires.

Ember saw him fall in despite all the chaos; she turned and walked away her mission complete.

After the fire was put out, over half the fort was ash, 42 people were killed or wounded from the fire, and Cashin wasn't found. They garrison believed he fell into the fire and was burned to death. No one even thought that an assassin not only burnt half the fort but killed their leader. One of Ember's greatest strengths was that she would use the easiest ways to take out her target and not even be suspected.


	2. Chapter 2

**Chapter 2**

Ember walked back into her client's fort, he was the neighboring chief, she walked up to him, he was muscular, tall, and rather handsome but none of that mattered to her she didn't want a man in her life besides he already a wife so she really didn't care anyway.

"Cashin is dead," she bluntly to him.  
"Excellent," said her client, "I also heard there was a fire at the fort."

"Yes," she said.

"Did you have anything to do with that?" he asked.

She smiled evilly, "perhaps."  
Her client returned the evil smile, "I could you use you a lot more often."  
She nodded, "keep the pay up and you can."  
He nodded, "I'm called Kilent, how much did I owe you again?"  
"One thousand gold" she said.

"A steep sum but worth every penny," he said motioning a nearby man to bring up a bag of money.

"Why did you ask me if you already knew," asked Ember.  
"To see if you were honest," he replied, "I know now I can trust that you are an honest assassin."  
She shrugged, "don't count on _all_ my colleges to be honest."  
"I know," Kilent said, "that's why I tested you."  
She nodded, "I'll be off then I suppose you kept my horse safe?"  
He nodded, "of course I didn't want you killing _me_ in the night."  
She smiled and said sarcastically, "cause we all know that daytime is when all assassins do work."

He grinned at her jibe, "See you later Ember."  
She turned her horse around and rode out the fort quickly with her money.

Ember rode around Frankish territory, she stopped at a town tavern, and taverns were the best place to find work. Someone from a rich man to a chief was either there or someone representing them was there to hire assassins.

She sat a table, drinking a non-alcoholic beer, made from roots, she thought it was good. Very few taverns had it which was only the busy ones. Which made this one very good not only on her taste buds but on her work as well. She preferred non-alcoholic drinks so she wouldn't get drunk and be stupid or have the nasty hangover the next day. She knew she had to stay on her guard ever second of the day or night.

A man approached her on the outside she looked totally unprepared and careless but in reality she could kill someone in less than a second.

He approached her, "what are you doing her woman?"

She looked at him, "enjoying my drink thanks."  
He grinned, "Why don't you and I go out for a little while."  
She raised an eyebrow, "what would make you think I'm interested?"

The man flexed his muscles, she had to admit he had a lot of them, "because I think you will like what I have for you."  
She looked as if she was thinking about it, she shrugged, "why not?" she said dryly.

But Ember didn't do this at all, she knew this man was no slouch, he was an assassin she guessed his tactic was going in as a mercenary and then killing his target when they least expected it. He was sent to take her out no two ways about it.

When they reached outside of the bar, she heard a slight _hiss_ of a knife being drawn he was behind her shutting the tavern door.

She stopped didn't even turn around as her katana seemed to leap out of it's sheath as it sliced into his knife wrist then as he backed up to the door to try to get away from her she brought the razor sharp blade on his bald skull.

She stepped over his carcass, and back into the tavern a few people looked at her as she walked back in, "which is why I hate men" she muttered then stared daggers at them. They instantly turned away afraid of what she might do to them. She smiled she didn't like to draw attention, but it was kind of nice being treated higher than these losers that called themselves men.

She shook her head, _men can't live with them can definitely live without them_ she thought.

Just then another man walked up to her but he wasn't big or muscular he was actually somewhat small and a little round.  
She raised an eyebrow; _didn't he just see what happened to that other man?_

"What do you want?" she said rudely.

He smiled, "I need an assassin, and I think you are the one for the job."  
"I'm listening," she said.  
"My master wants a rival …removed. I think you can deal with it don't you think so?"  
"Why would I be interested?" Ember said she knew that she had to play hard to get to get the most money out of a job.

"What if I told you the reward was fifty thousand?"  
Ember's eye widened slightly, "well he must be desperate for that kind of sum."

The man smiled, "come with me and you can speak to my prince yourself."  
she smiled, "after you sir."

Ember traveled with the prince's secretary which so happened to be his cousin which to Ember was no surprise. Unstable positions were always given to relatives not only was it easy to con someone but easier to control.

Ember arrived at the prince's castle which surprised her the most, but then she realized that it was an old Roman castle, just preserved and modified to suit the prince's taste. But she admitted it was well done.

"His lordship has a castle?" Ember asked his secretary.

"Yes, his father built it," the secretary said.

"It looks Roman," she said simply.

"Yes we captured it under his father; we redid it and have kept it from invaders for quite a while."  
Ember actually admired it greatly, built on a short steep hill the only easy access into it was by the stairwell which for an attacking army was a deathtrap. Arrows and spears could be poured onto the enemy with little effort. It also had a bridge spanning a small gap between another hill another easy access but she saw two massive towers there as well. Both entrances had paved streets of stone.

"How did you ever capture something like that?" she asked.

The secretary smiled, "it was brilliant, first my prince wasn't the one who captured it, it was his father and he didn't lose a man. He faked an attack on a Roman senator that demanded aid. The Roman general in charge was foolish enough to bring the entire garrison so we just walked in and well took the castle when the false attack discovered and the Roman general came back he saw the gates locked and us in the castle with the entire village's provisions in there too. He then attacked us but we fought back all the attacks and after 2 weeks he gave up and moved on."

She shook her head, "how is his lordship with tactics?"

"He's even better than his father," the secretary boasted, "he took down an entire army of invaders without them even touching either gate."

She raised an eyebrow, "surely you are exaggerating."  
"No, they actually were the most foolish invaders we've ever had they just charged the gate with a makeshift ram. When they got to a certain point between the castle and village we shot flaming arrows at the oil soaked paths and well they burned to death, an easy but clever victory for his lordship."

Ember raised an eyebrow, "he certainly is good at that I suppose his father was proud that he was his first-born."  
The secretary laughed, "actually his lordship isn't the first born, he's the second born. His older brother actually abdicated said he didn't want lordship, he works as the prince's assassin."

Ember shook her head, "how old is the prince?"  
"He's eighteen," the secretary said, "his older brother is only two minutes older they are twins but nothing alike. They look relatively the same but actually his lordship is an upstanding, popular, wants to be in the open person, while his brother is a shadowy mystery that well not even _I_ have figured out yet."

"Sound like my kind of man," Ember said jokingly, "by the way what is his lordship's name?"  
"Aldan, while his brother is Kamen I doubt you will see his brother though no one but the prince has seen him for almost a year."

"Well if the prince has his brother why hire me?" Ember asked.

"Well, Kamen is actually away in Teutonic territory on secret business, and well Prince Aldan, needs someone to dispose of his rival. We have a suspicion that his rival is going to attack soon. But without their leader they won't Aldan likes to avoid conflict if at all possible."  
Ember and the secretary reached the gate of the castle, the doors opened with a signal from the secretary.  
Ember walked into the main hall, it was large and open with high ceilings. On a throne Ember saw the prince with piles of paper no doubt paperwork that constantly plagued many rulers like Aldan.

The secretary walked up and bowed, "my lord an assassin as you requested."  
Aldan stood up, he was on the shorter side but still taller than Ember by about 5 inches, he had brown perfect hair and piercing blue eyes, he was dressed in green clothing with silver shoulder plates, he wore a Roman gladius on his belt. A two and a half foot straight sword with a circular goblet-like handle, it wasn't the most decorated sword but in the hands of a skilled swordsman a fearsome weapon.

"Oh Alexander please don't be like that you know I don't like to stand on ceremony unless it's a ceremony of course."  
Ember smiled at the little joke, "you must be Aldan sir."  
Aldan nodded and smiled, his smile was warm and welcoming, "yes I am I'm sure Alexander told you about your mission."  
Ember shook her head, "no he mostly told me about yourself and your brother."  
Aldan nodded, "well I'm sure you know that you are after my rival and the reward is 50,000 gold."  
Ember smiled, "yes I know that but where does he live? Is it a castle or fort? How many soldiers does he have? I usually need to know that where the target lives but any information is helpful."  
"He doesn't live in a fort or castle he lives in caves at the bottom of the mountains near here. He has about two hundred or so soldiers most of which are cavalry, so be careful."

Ember nodded, "It doesn't matter how many soldiers he has, none of them will know who killed him by the way do you have any silent horses by any chance?"

"Yes my brother has two, he took one but left one here he told me to lend it to you if you needed it, he trained the horse himself. The horse already knows me so it will listen, but it's as silent as a shadow don't worry she will aid you well."  
Ember nodded, "thank you it will be excellent to make my escape I don't want to be caught on foot with horsemen around."

That night Ember set off to the mountains, her new horse was friendly and likeable. She might ask to keep it for 20,000 but if they wanted more, then she would just have to do without. She really needed no less than 30,000 this was her biggest payday ever and she didn't want to spend it all on a horse no matter how well trained it was.

Ember arrived at the mountains around dusk, she set the horse about a hundred or so meters away from the entrance of the meadow.

Her target's domain was actually a system of caves in a U shaped canyon and incredibly easy defensive area, able to fire arrows or hurl stones from every direction any army would be totally open for attack on many angles, while the defenders would be able to hit without receiving much return fire.

Ember went up the cliff at the entrance of the U, upon reaching the top she saw a sentry looking in the same direction where she was. If she stood up actually he couldn't miss seeing her, any movement could alert him. Her mind raced if she went down she could get caught if she went up she definitely would get caught. She paused then slowly reached for her bow on her back strung and ready to use, she never traveled without it strung for emergencies like this. She slowly, silently took out an arrow and notched it to the string pulling it back slowly until it was at half draw she knew the small powerful bow would kill the unarmored man at only half draw at this distance. He was barely ten feet away. As she aimed she realized that the man was drunk and asleep, she was so concentrated on disposing of him that she missed the horrible smell of alcohol that radiated off the man like light off a candle.

Ember rolled her eyes men were so predictable.

She silently moved around him then she took her katana and knocked him out. Afterward she moved around the rocks and found the chief's cave she knew from the decorations that it had and the two guards at the entrance, she took out two tanto and climbed to a ledge above them, the dropped down in between them and dispatched them both with a stab to the throat, cleaning off the blades she snuck into the chief's tent there he was on a large bed made of pillows with a what was left of dinner around him. She allowed herself a quick glance and the remnants of the meal and well to say the least she wasn't all that fond of what was all over the place. She was actually quite surprised that a man like him was a chief.

Fat and ugly he was bare from waist up like most barbarian chiefs and painted on his round stomach with strange pagan designs. She would be more than happy to take this lazy idiot out. Drawing her katana slowly with barely a hiss she raised for the killing blow…

When the chief shot up with his sword and blocked her slash!

Taken by surprise Ember froze, the fat man smiled, "think you could take me out assassin?"  
Ember still didn't say anything, and then she heard him yelling "Guards guards! I'm under attack!"

Reacting quickly Ember swung her sword in a lightning fast diagonal cut that would have cleaved through his ribs but a shield blocked it she gave up then ran to the cave's entrance only to run into three guards! Her katana was still out she quickly dispatched them and ran for the cliffs were she left the knocked out soldier. She was almost there when she saw him rising to his feet, "oh no, not good" she muttered to herself.

He saw her and immediately started yelling, "Assassin! Assassin!" but before he could point out her location she took him out with a tanto by throwing the small knife embedding it in his throat.

The first light of dawn started to creep into the mountain and other sentries saw her, she quickly grabbed the sentry's spear and jumped off the cliff. When she was about halfway down she slammed the spear into the cliff side slowing down her decent, by the time she stopped she was only a meter from the ground. She let go of the spear dropping to the ground, she quickly ran to her horse and instantly mounted "to the castle!" she muttered to it.

It simply tossed its head then charged off in the direction of the castle, Ember turned around and twelve horsemen were following her.

Taking out her bow she dropped the one to the left of the leader while her horse headed to for the woods, she then reloaded and dropped another, but it was useless. When they reached the woods the horsemen split up and came at her from every direction. She shot down another but then the unthinkable happened.

Her bowstring snapped!

Thinking quickly she put her bow in her quiver then drew her katana, knowing she'd have to face the horsemen she only hoped that they came at her in ones and twos.

She slashed the first man down quickly but just as he fell another two came up at her with a rope between them at neck height, she was thrown from her saddle and thudded to the ground, and then the horsemen whipped her horse in the rump causing it to run away in panic.

Ember got to her feet with her katana ready as the first came at her she slashed the horse's feet and he fell to the ground with another coming at her she moved out of the way and slew the first with a quick thrust of her sword.

The second came at her she moved to the side as he rode past and before he could turn around she threw a tanto into the back of his neck. She grabbed her tanto and was about to mount the horse when she heard another horseman behind her. She turned to find a club smashing into her head then everything went black.


	3. Chapter 3

**Chapter 3**

Ember woke up to the world upside-down and bouncing she was sideways in front of a horse she craned her head up but couldn't see her captor she tried to wriggle her hands but they were tied behind her back to the pommel to the saddle.

A heavy hand grabbed the back of her neck, "quit squirming brat!" a thickly accented voice said, "You killed our chief so now you will be punished!"

Ember just glared at him but because she was facing away from him the effort was wasted. He then shoved her roughly back to her position, she sighed this was going to be a long uncomfortable ride, she saw her katana behind him, tears filled her eyes she couldn't escape this one she was tied and hung like this until they chose her shoe knife was useless she couldn't even reach it besides she wouldn't be able to get it without them knowing it was the end of the line she knew now it was only an hour or two before they beheaded her…or worse tortured her until she died.

She didn't fulfill her promise to her father she couldn't believe it all that training all those hours and hours of time were wasted because she was careless.

They rode on for another twenty minutes or so Ember's body was getting cramped but she barely noticed all she thought about was how she failed her father.

Suddenly as if the trees themselves produced it a flash flew by the horseman in the front of the line. The flash went into a few bushes but that is not what startled Ember, the man's head just fell off as if a sword sliced it clean off. But as far as she knew a sword was impossible to throw especially at that speed and no knife could decapitate a man. What was it?

Suddenly an arrow struck another rider but from a different direction, it was an ambush!

Another flash and off went another man's head, then a shadowy figure literally fell out of the treetops onto another rider with only four left it seemed that this man was comfortable on taking odds of four to one. But those odds were cut in half when two more of the mysterious flashes killed two riders with a single movement. Then before Ember could get a good look at him he was gone!

Then a third flash and there was only her captor left…the other rider had a strange ring in his throat. Ember saw that the ring was about a foot in diameter and it seemed sharp around the whole ring not a single edge of was dull. She gulped that could easily decapitate anyone. Her captor grabbed the back of her shirt and pulled her up, he put a blade to her throat, "go away assassin or she dies!"  
There was a strange laugh, not humorous or cheerful but icy and full of malice, "the one thing I hate is cowards," said the voice.

Ember thought it sounded close but she looked left, right, up and down where was he?  
Then it struck her as she heard a sword pierce flesh, she looked at her captor a sword blade was sticking out of his chest. He was right behind them!

Her captor let go of her and she fell awkwardly to the ground, the shadowy man was hanging upside-down from a thick tree branch. He dropped to the ground and sliced her free, "are you alright?" he asked.

Ember saw his face now he had beautiful green eyes that one could just get lost in with short brown hair and a slightly tanned face. He was more handsome than anyone she had ever seen but he was like someone she knew. Who was it? Aldan! But Aldan had blue eyes? So this must be…Kamen?

"Kamen?" she said puzzled.

He smiled she instantly saw the sun come out from behind a cloud "well it seems Aldan has been spreading rumors about my ugliness again. What's your name miss?"  
Ember laughed then replied "I'm Ember."

Picking her up like a baby, he walked over to the captor's horse that was now cropping grass he grabbed her katana "this is yours?" he asked and she nodded, "as well as the three small knives and the bow and arrow."  
He nodded and grabbed them all with his right hand which was supporting her back he was no doubt talented about this kind of thing.

He set her down on the ground, "do you mind if I carry them in a bag? Or would you like to wear them?"  
She shrugged, "put them in a bag but I carry the bag."  
He nodded and put the katana in the bag, to her surprise he didn't take it out of the sheath and inspect it.  
He did however look at the bow for a second, "this is Hunnic a composite bow am I right?"

She nodded; he then put in the bag with the quiver he then took her captor's belt and tied it to the bag in a sash for with the katana handle sticking out. He then put it over her like a sash, "I hope you don't mind," he said as he adjusted it around her.

"I can't move my hands, the ropes were too tight," she replied.

"I know I just couldn't walk by and let them hurt you, it was downright wrong and cowardly."

She smiled, "you are an assassin right?"

He nodded, "yes I was returning from the Teutonic holdings when I saw you fighting those men I would have helped sooner but I had to leave my horse in a safe area and then when I got back I had to track you back down and find the right ambush spot I knew that my Disc Blades would get the better of them but not even they would have saved me if I chose the wrong spot."

"Are those the things that decapitated those men?"

Kamen nodded, "yes I invented them I need to take off heads from a distance I can throw them from up to thirty feet accurately so don't think about running off." He said jokingly.

She shook her head, "I don't want to I can't move my hands or feet it will take quite some time to get them moving again who knows how long I traveled like that."  
"They had you for less than an hour you were out for about ten minutes which means that whoever knocked you out was horrible with a club or that you have a thick skull." He said with a pleasant smile showing that he was joking.

Ember rolled her eyes, "I can see why no one wants you around anymore."  
Kamen laughed, to Ember his laugh was like a melody, "well it's actually _my_ choice to stay in the shadows I don't do well with crowds."

Ember shrugged, "well that's my way of life too." Kamen smiled, and then pointed to her feet, "can you walk?"  
Ember nodded and then tried to stand up but immediately collapsed Kamen caught her under her arms she looked up at him.

"You sure?" he asked with concern on his face.

Ember shook her head, "no I can't walk my ankles are too weak they tied them too tight."  
"Really?" Kamen said sarcastically, "I never would have guessed."  
She smiled, Ember was shocked with herself she had never smiled this much since…her father died.

Tears sprang to her eyes she quickly tried to wipe them away, but she felt Kamen wipe her eyes, "is something wrong?"  
She shook her head, "no it's just dusty in here that's all can we go?"  
He nodded, "of course, I'll get Moonbeam and Starlight." He let out a whistle and two horses came trotting up a few seconds later, Ember recognized one as the horse she was using.

"I was using the white one, how did you find him?"  
"Her, Starlight is a her and she prefers to be addressed so," Kamen said jokingly "actually Starlight found me we ran into each other after she was whipped across her rump but a rope do you know something about that?"  
Ember nodded, "is she yours?"  
Kamen nodded, "yes she is why?"  
Ember's shoulder's sagged, "cause it's my fault they got me off her then they whipped her so she'd run and I couldn't escape I should have taken better care of your horse your brother lent her to me."  
Kamen shrugged, "actually the blame was on whoever whipped her but I killed them so I guess we are even but don't worry she already forgave you so you have nothing to worry about."  
Ember nodded, she saw the real forgiver in that sentence the horse didn't forgive her it was Kamen she was fascinated he acted like he knew her his entire life. She couldn't wrap her brain around it. Why did he like her so much? She was obviously an assassin he knew that but why did her trust her? Well she doubted trust but still why was he so nice? Most assassins were cold, ruthless, and hidden Kamen on the other hand was warm, kind, and open. But he said he didn't like crowds, Alexander said he didn't even know much about Kamen so why was he so open to her who was a stranger?

She just couldn't bear it any longer, as they rode on she looked at him several times she was on Starlight while he was leading with Moonbeam.  
"Kamen?"

He turned around in the saddle, "yes?"

"Why do you talk to me so much? Do you trust me or something? I mean we just met why are you so open with me?"  
"Why are you?" he asked.

She recoiled, "what do you mean?"  
"You just asked something only friends, close friends, would ask so why did you?" he asked staring at her.

She shrugged, "I don't know I mean I just never had anyone that was close to me, no one I could trust."

Kamen nodded, "well I want to be that person that you can trust."  
"Why?"  
He smiled he then slowed his horse's pace so they rode side by side, "because I can see through you Ember,"

She looked at him puzzled and again he smiled, again she saw the sun come out from behind a cloud.

"You put up a veil, a very well done one I must say, but I can see through any veils you are a kind, well mannered easy going girl as well as very beautiful. Most girls like you would be at some village waiting to get carried away by a knight but I can see you are different. You think, look, and act outside of the box and I like that a lot. You act cold, but inside I can see you are a warm person I just have to get her out."

Ember hid her face, she couldn't believe it! This boy this man she met less than an hour ago had seen through the veil she had put up for years! How?

"It's simple really," he said as if reading her mind, "I have studied reactions as well as features of the human mind and face. I can't read minds but I can certainly tell someone's personality by looking at them."

Ember shook her head, "you are amazing Kamen," she said with slight awe in her voice.

He shrugged off the compliment, "not really anyone can do what I do just most people don't know how or are too lazy to do it."

Ember then looked at him mischievously, "so are you saying _I'm_ too lazy to do that?"  
Kamen smiled, "No I'm saying you don't know how."

"So you are saying I'm too stupid to know how," Ember countered.

Kamen shrugged, "what if I am?"  
Ember's eyes widened in anger, and then she saw the ridiculous smile hovering around Kamen's lips. She glared daggers at him, "you know if looks could kill I'd be dead right now," Kamen said sarcastically.

"Don't get used to it I'd clobber you if my hands could move."  
Kamen smiled evilly, "I know that's why I'm making the most out of this time."

They arrived shortly at the camp Kamen had for them already made, "you can have the tent it's built for only one."

Kamen helped her off Starlight and next to the tent, she watched as he unloaded some supplies. She looked at him curiously, he had his hood off and his short-sleeve shirt revealed his small muscles for some reason she smiled, she liked his small arms immensely they weren't thin but neither did they look like he lifted weights often they looked…..normal like he didn't work out to try and make himself bigger but neither was he lazy and weak. He was right in the middle a perfect balance between strength and agility.

"You hungry?" he asked looking at her.  
Ember nodded, she somehow completely trusted Kamen after their little bickering while riding here, what shocked her even more was she was feeling attracted to him…No! Last time that happened it was a disaster.

She couldn't go down that road again she had to separate from him as soon as she could all men were trouble.

But that night after an exceptional meal that Kamen made Ember laid in the tent awake, she couldn't stop thinking about Kamen, his slightly muscular arms, his beautiful green eyes, his unruly yet very attractive light brown hair. He was dressed simple, a dark blue hooded short-sleeved shirt with black pants, and he wore a black hard leather vest with chain-mail underneath. He had armor which was interesting to her most assassin's including herself never wore armor, but his armor seemed different. He was incredibly flexible that was for sure, his black riding boots completed his simple clothing. Unlike her and her colleges he didn't wear a cape but the hood kept some of his face in shadow he also was able to keep in on his head even upside-down. But what she found most fascinating is he wore a sword and a large throwing axe.

The swords were nothing special 24 inches in length, single edged with a black handle that was similar to her katana however she noticed they weren't as strong as her katana and did not have the diamond hard edge it had. The throwing axe was like a normal axe just with a shorter handle and a slightly smaller head it was made of steel and she noticed he could kill extremely easily with it.

Ember peaked outside the tent Kamen was sitting next to the fire assumed to be sleeping with his head slightly bowed and him completely still. But somehow she knew that he wasn't.

She snuck out the back way to get away she knew she would have to all she would do is just go to the castle get her pay and…

Ember stopped, she couldn't this young man saved her life without any thought of reward he rescued her when she thought she was going to die. She wouldn't have done that for him yet he did for her. She sighed; she would go back to the tent and just go to sleep then wake up and thank him for everything and explain.

"Where are you going?" a voice said behind her. Ember whirled, there was Kamen leaning up against a tree.

"I-I was…" she started.

He waved his hand, "if you want to leave go ahead, Starlight has your weapons," he walked back to the tent then she heard him mutter "just like everyone else."

She stopped and looked back at him, _what did he mean?_ She wondered, _just like everyone else?_

Ember walked up to Kamen, he turned slightly "I thought you were leaving did you forget something?"  
"No," she said, "I just wanted to know what you meant."  
Kamen shrugged, "what do you mean?"

"When you said 'just like everyone else' what did you mean by that?"  
Kamen sighed then tossed a twig he was fiddling with, "just like everyone else in my life, they all just walk away."  
"Why?"  
"Because I'm different, because no one feels that they can trust me, that I am just a selfish person that wants nothing but money."  
Ember sat down next to him, "I'm sorry I just thought that you…I don't know it's just that the last time I got close to a boy he betrayed me."  
Kamen looked at her, "how so?"

"He wanted me to be his girlfriend, and then well when I said no he started to be a jerk and abandon me."

"Because you wouldn't be his girlfriend?" Kamen asked a little confused.  
"Yes he said he had this undying love for me, and well it turned out not so undying, I just don't want to be hurt like that again." Ember said with tears in her eyes, "I loved him so much yet when I didn't want to do that, mostly because I knew my father wouldn't like it he always discouraged young relationships and I didn't want to keep anything from my father so when I denied him then started to not love me anymore."  
Kamen nodded, "well I'll tell you this that isn't true love, it doesn't matter what the decision of the person as long as they are happy you should be. If they don't want to do something even if you want to you don't get angry at them you understand and well just leave them be don't pressure them into something they don't want to do."

Ember nodded, then sat across from him she looked at Kamen across the fire, "I'm sorry I tried to leave Kamen the thing is I'm scared. I don't want to be hurt again."  
Kamen nodded, "I know how you feel, I loved a girl once when I was about 14, but she just used me for her own ends and when I found out I was crushed. I thought I was going to die from grief of course I was overreacting. But still the thing is Ember I know that we are going to be friends."

"How can you be sure?" she asked looking at him across the fire.

Kamen smiled, "because I can see you want to be my friend."

The next day Kamen told Ember he wanted to help her with her mission, at first Ember would not hear of it.

"Why? This isn't your mission Kamen," Ember said.

"I know, but I want to be your friend so I want to help you besides I could see you did so well last time," he said grinning.

Ember shrugged, "okay point taken you can come with but still I don't want to feel like I am cheating your brother."

Kamen raised an eyebrow, "you think _that_ is going to work on me? We are assassins not merchants I'm sure you scammed lots of people in the past."  
Ember smiled, "actually I can say no to that, my father always taught honesty was the best when trying to get the most pay."  
Kamen shook his head, "an honest assassin? What next?"

After the chief was taken care of the pair rode back to Aldan's castle, along the way Ember told Kamen almost everything about her, as well as vice versa.  
"Well I have to say only you go to my brother's throne room, as you know not many of the people in there like me which is why no one has seen me in the past year except for Aldan. So you just go in get your money and then I'll meet you outside the south gate how's that?" Kamen pleaded to her.

Ember felt bad for Kamen, he told her no one except his brother liked him because he just had a hidden nature to him, he didn't like crowds they all hated him because he abdicated but she knew that he was wise enough to know that despite the power that would come with being a prince he just wasn't a leader he was an assassin. But of course just like in her childhood no one understood him. However he did tell her that he was part of the Assassin's Guild which was a large group of assassins that got together in eastern Greece and was determined to find the Ultimate Assassin and reunite Europe. However the Assassin's Guild wasn't very large so all of them tried to get the best assassins to join them and help in their quest.

Ember thought that the Assassin's Guild might be something she would enjoy, she thought that with the exception of Kamen all assassins solo working men but apparently she was wrong.

When the reached the ridge overlooking the village Kamen looked at her, "go ahead I'll wait here alright?"  
Ember nodded, "I'll be right back."  
Kamen smiled "be careful."  
"I will."  
Ember rode through the village at full gallop, many people moved quickly out of the way to avoid crashing into her. When she reached the castle she showed her badge that Aldan gave her and went immediately to the throne room.

She barged through the large double doors without a second thought thankfully only Aldan and his council were there.

She strode right up to his desk, "I've finished where is my payment?"  
"Where is the ring?" Aldan asked with a raised eyebrow.

Ember took the ring that the fat chief wore along with his sword, "is this enough proof?"  
Aldan nodded, "excellent I'm glad you were able to accomplish that so quickly all by yourself."  
Ember smiled, "I wasn't alone on my way back I ran into some trouble, I was aided by someone."  
Aldan looked confused, "by whom?"  
"Oh you know him my lord quite well actually, after all his _is_ your only brother."  
"Kamen is back!" Aldan said happily, "where is he?"  
"He doesn't want to come here, he prefers to stay out of sight."  
"I hope so," said a one of the council members a large rich man with obvious gluttony, "A coward like him doesn't belong here I'm glad he finally got that through his thick head."

Ember turned drawing her sword at lightning speed, the tip was barely three inches away from the man throat the guards started to move but Aldan held up a hand he wanted to see what Ember would do when she spoke her voice was colder than ice "if you every call Kamen a coward again I will personally carve your eyes out then stuff them down your throat do you understand?"  
The noble gulped, "of course I was just fooling you know," he said nervously as the he noticed the razor sharp blade.

Ember narrowed her eyes, "I should hope so," she said the sheathed her sword.

She then turned back to Aldan, "my lord I was hoping I could trade my horse for Starlight your brother said it was up to you."  
Aldan shook his head, "I'm sorry but I can't sell a horse like her, she is too precious to my brother and I when he leaves her here I personally take care of her. I'm sorry I know she's my brother's horse and you are obviously a new friend of his but I can't sell you her."  
Just as Ember was going to offer something more, a man came stumbling in running for the throne, "My lord, my lord the Monastery at Pine Ridge has been taken over by bandits!"

Aldan rose quickly from his seat, "What?" he said "by whom and when?"  
"By Radnor and his bandits sire! Yesterday they took it, they are holding the monks hostage!"  
Aldan sat back down sighing in frustration he slowly stroked his forehead thinking, "how many did you see?"  
"At least 15 sire."  
Aldan nodded, "alright I'll think of something, thank you my friend go get some rest."

Right at that moment Ember turned to him, "why is it so frustrating? Just send soldiers to destroy them, they will probably want to ransom the hostages' just pay for them then, destroy them once the hostages are safe."  
"That's not the problem; I would have started doing that already if this wasn't Radnor. Radnor has no interest in money just destruction and hatred for me and religion."  
Ember was confused, "what do you mean?"  
Aldan sighed again, "he doesn't ransom anyone, once I send troops out he somehow gets word kills the hostages takes the loot and burns the whatever he has taken to the ground, he's done it before with farmhouses, mills, and other places but this is the first time he's gone after the Monastery. He knows that many people go there to pray so why would he attack there?"  
"Maybe because Monasteries are known for having plenty of treasure it's obvious, people making donations and such." A council member said.

Ember then smiled, "my lord what if _I_ rescued the monks in the Monastery, and eradicated the bandits Kamen and me that is."

Aldan thought for a few seconds, "are you sure you aren't taking on too much? There are at least 20 of them which are quite a bit for just two of you."

"Well yes but still I have taken on worse by myself with Kamen I think we could take 40 if necessary and once he hears holy men are in danger he'll immediately fight for them I think we can sire."  
Aldan nodded, "alright but how much is this going to cost?"  
"How about I do this _and_ give you my horse and you give me Starlight."  
Aldan smiled, "deal, but you have to rescue at least 10 of the 15 monks, on top of that the Monastery has to be standing when you are done otherwise you don't get Starlight."

"Understood my lord." Ember said.

"Do you want your 50,000 now?" Aldan asked.

"No you hold on to it until I get back, I don't want you to lose 50,000 if I fail, besides traveling peasants don't carry that much around with them."


	4. Chapter 4

**Chapter 4**

Kamen was sitting on a low tree branch when Ember found him outside of the village, "did you get the money?" he asked.

"No," she said not looking at him he dropped down "why?" he asked startled.

"Because we have another mission from your brother," she said as he walked over and took Moonbeam's rein.

"Alright what is it?" he asked.

"We have to rescue some monks at the Pine Ridge Monastery from Radnor and his bandits."

Kamen raised an eyebrow, "him again eh I met him once before my brother succeeded the throne my father had a tough time dealing with him."

Ember looked at him, "really? How so?"  
"Well he did the same thing as he does now, plagues farms and such then vanishes, my father told me to track him down I did and I thought we killed them all but he must have escaped."

"How did you try to kill him last time?"

"Well we surrounded the mill, it was powered by a water wheel but anyway he must have jumped into the river when we set the house a blaze. Fortunately we were able to get the hostages out before we set the place on fire, but we wanted him to come out and surrender but he didn't so we all assumed he died in the fire along with his giant of a bodyguard."

"Giant bodyguard?" Ember asked.

Kamen rolled his eyes, "yeah a pain really it's like wrestling a bear."

Ember shrugged, "I'm sure you can handle him and if you can't I'll just shoot him."  
Then randomly Kamen made a funny facial expression and Ember couldn't help it she burst out laughing.

Kamen cleared his face, "is something funny?"  
Ember couldn't control herself she was laughing to hard, "your face was just….priceless!" she managed to say

"How so?" he asked with a totally innocent expression.

"You know you big idiot!" she said laughing.

Kamen shook his head, "shame but you have a point."  
Ember was now not laughing as hard, "a point about what?"

"Well you have a point…on the top of your head," Kamen said with a smile

Ember glared at him, and shoved him, because they were walking while leading their horses he tripped and Moonbeam steadied him with his reins.

"Be quiet you, or I'll cut you in half," Ember said sarcastically.

Kamen was laughing so hard, he couldn't stop "I'm sorry but it was just great how that turned out."  
Ember rolled her eyes, "sure it was" she said sarcastically then walked ahead.

Kamen stopped laughing but with a goofy smile on his face he snuck up behind Ember and started to tickle her under her arms.  
Ember was immediately caught by surprise and arched her back trying to get away, "stop it!" she yelled.

But Kamen wouldn't he grabbed her with one hand and tickled her with the other she kicked and flailed but to no avail because the longer he tickled her the more strength she lost.

"I got you!" he said laughing himself she tried to wiggle then finally he let go of her. Out of reaction she started to hit him several times. "You are a very bad person!" she said over and over again.

Kamen just raised his arms in defense and couldn't stop laughing "if I am why are you riding with me?"

Ember stopped and hung her head, "you don't like me anymore," she said sadly.

Kamen felt bad, he put his arm around her "you know I do don't say that."  
She jerked away from him, "you hate me I know it."  
"aw Ember don't do that," Kamen said hugging her "please don't you know that I love you I was just playing."  
Ember smiled evilly, but because her head was down Kamen didn't see it until it was too late. Suddenly she started to tickle him vigorously.

"Stop!" he shouted laughing, "please!"

"No," she said giggling "now you know how I felt."

Finally she stopped, she couldn't help but giggle at him as he straightened out his wrinkled shirt and cleared his throat.

"Now enough child's play we need to concentrate on our mission," he said in a serious tone.

Ember raised an eyebrow, and then both of them burst out laughing. Moonbeam and Starlight looked at each other then tossed their heads as if they were annoyed by their young riders.

Kamen stopped laughing "okay seriously what is our strategy? We are going up against 20 plus foes here one of which is a giant so unless you have some lightning fast super arrow that can pierce stone then I think we should think of a plan."  
Ember beamed at him, "Maybe I _do_ have a lightning fast super arrow," she said haughtily. Kamen raised an eyebrow, "riiiiiiiiiight, anyway down to business what are we going to do?"  
Ember shrugged, "why not just ambush them and shoot them down, we both have long-range weapons and I can guarantee we have more than forty missiles together."  
Kamen nodded, "true but here's the thing we don't know what the Monastery looks like, if they have any prisoners outside on top of that once we have shot down all the people outside the bandits inside will have enough notice to kill all of the Monks remember what my brother said? At _least_ ten of the Monks have to make it out."

Ember nodded, she had never done a mission like this before she always had done a quick kill then get out. Maybe burn a place down or something to cover her tracks but nothing like a rescue mission.

"Do _you_ have any ideas?" Ember asked.

Kamen smiled, "give me twenty minutes."  
After sitting on his horse for almost ten minutes completely silent, eyes closed and with his head bowed Kamen smiled almost evilly, he slowly opened his eyes Ember was leading both horses at the time saw him and raised an eyebrow, "something tells me you have a really good idea."  
Kamen nodded, "tell me what do we have?"  
"Us, obviously, two horses, weapons some food and that's just about it."

"What else?"

"uh, a weapon repair kit and some first aid supplies…why?"  
"I have an idea," Kamen said looking at her.

"I've gathered that you know," Ember said with a faint smile.

"So here's the plan…"

Two riders cantered slowly toward Pine Ridge Monastery, the bandits who currently ran it saw them long before they heard them the Monastery was on a ridge with only one trail so it was obvious this was their destination. One of the bandit sentries walked out with his crude spear in his right hand he raised his left hand, "stop!" he said in his thick Frankish accent.

Kamen smiled, "hello sir, we have come to pray at this Monastery would you mind letting go see the Monks?"  
The sentry shook his head, "no, this now belongs to Radnor King of Bandits!"

Kamen looked surprised, " _The_ Radnor?"

"Yes," the sentry said uncertainly.

Ember looked hysterical, "Oh I always wanted to meet such a dashing young man such as Radnor! May we please see him?"  
"Um," the sentry said now puzzled and worried the young lady was batting her eyelashes at him. He gulped, "one moment please," he said running inside of the Monastery.

After the large oak door slammed Kamen and Ember studied the Monastery it was a typical one with a large stain-glass window and a bell tower it looked almost like a square tower on a castle. The rest looked like a big barn with a slanted roof and three straight walls it was simple maybe the three times the size of a standard house. But it also had a large verandah were people would obviously talk after worship.

A few minutes later the double oak door slammed open and out came Radnor, Ember had to admit when she first thought of him she was totally wrong. She pictured a large, heavily muscled, and heavily tattooed man with black hair, bushy eyebrows, and dark eyes.

Instead he was a man on the small side a little over an inch shorter than Kamen, no tattoos or any body painting at all his hair was a light blond and he had hazel eyes. He was still heavily muscled but if she had seen him in the street she would never had guessed he was a bandit chief. He wore Roman plate armor without a helmet he also had a Roman short sword with a large shield. He looked like he had fought many times in the past which she bet he did.

"Who are you two?" he asked in a pleasant voice

"I am called Isor," Kamen said.

"Who is the girl?"  
Kamen hesitated but just for a second, they never thought of someone asking who Ember was the world these days took very little notice of women, which in a way made Ember's job a lot easier.

"She my…sister Isira" Kamen said.

Radnor nodded, "why have you two come here?"  
"We wanted to pray before continuing on our journey," Kamen replied with a smile.

Ember noticed a giant of a man over two and a half meters tall he wore simple brown pants that were too short, no shirt and two belts that made an X over his hugely muscled chest. He carried a massive spiked mace and a sword which looked like a knife in his hands.

Radnor simply nodded, "Well I'm sorry you journeyed so far this Monastery is closed there is another about twenty miles down the road." He said pointing to the west.

Kamen nodded pleasantly then saw that Radnor's sword was a little rusty at the hilt as well as the giant's mace a few others weapons were dirty and chipped. "You ought to take better care of your weapons." He said pleasantly he didn't give any note of sarcasm or anger in his voice.

Radnor glared "what does a traveler know about weapons?"  
"I'm not just a traveler you know," Kamen said with a pleasant grin, "I'm a traveling weapon smith."  
Radnor was suddenly interested, "I'll pay you to fix our weapons."  
Kamen nodded, "how about some food, and a chance to pray at the Monastery."  
Radnor rubbed his chin thoughtfully he weighed his options, the weapon smith was probably telling the truth on top of that what could two people do against his band of twenty-four? He nodded, "alright the Monks are under our protection they are taking care of our sick they are unavailable right now."

Kamen nodded pleasantly, "how about I also give this sword," he said reaching behind him hold a magnificent sword to Radnor.

Radnor's eyes widened in wonder, it was perfectly straight with a black handle and gold wire wrapped around the handle and hilt. It had a precious stone in the butt, it shone in the sunlight like fire the blade itself was a gleaming silver about 26" long Radnor knew the look of a great sword, this sword definitely hand it.

"If you give me that we'll give you enough food for two weeks," he said not taking his eyes off the sword.

Kamen smiled evilly inside, _fool_ he thought _he doesn't stand a chance against me._

Kamen got down from his horse and then helped Ember off hers Ember could have easily gotten off but Kamen briefed her that if she didn't look weak it would automatically look like she was a warrior. She let herself be helped even though inside she was burning with embarrassment, she didn't mind it was Kamen helping her if they were alone she would actually like to be held by him but it was in front of these fools that embarrassed her.

She hated showing weakness to anyone except Kamen didn't matter what was going on at the moment she hated it. But she knew she had to create an air of weakness to get the bandits off guard.

As they approached the massive double oak doors of the Monastery Kamen casually turned to Ember, "could you look after the horses Angel? I don't want them running off."  
His eyes twinkled momentarily as he said "angel" she smiled and nodded, not because she was happy with the situation but because Kamen called her "angel" she always loved that name it reminded her of her father. He also winked at her, from anyone else it was a gesture of goodwill but Ember and Kamen used it for a code this signal was _count to thirty then strike at the enemies._

Ember casually walked out to the horses, in her mind she started to count, she pretended to rub them down after a long journey but in reality she used them as a screen to prevent any bandits from seeing her put on her weapons she buckled on her katana along with tanto and bow her quiver was over her shoulder some of the bandits look in her direction but took no interest one saw the quiver but to many of people of the day bows were for hunting nothing more. Only Aldan and a few other wiser leaders used archers in their armies

 _Fifteen, sixteen, seventeen,_ Ember counted to herself, _Kamen I hope you are okay and aren't taking on too much._

Inside the Monastery Kamen followed Radnor, he had the sword he showed Radnor in his left hand in its sheath with the handle facing away from him. Kamen instantly saw a guard at the top of a stairwell he figured that down the stairwell was where the Monks were held.

"Sir why is there a man at the top of that stairwell?" Kamen asked casually.

"He's guarding our supplies," Radnor replied.

 _Yeah even your slaves I guess this guy only thinks of people as tools._ Kamen thought bitterly.

"Just one?"

"Yes, there isn't any real need for more," Radnor said, "most of my men are drunks and are still sleeping, fools."

Then Radnor turned suspiciously to Kamen, "Why do you ask those questions?"

Kamen shrugged, "just curious how many men are going to question me being here, I don't like the smell of them" he said with a smile showing no offense.

Radnor grimaced, "you're right most of them do need a good bath but that is their problem."

Kamen nodded, _not the sharpest knife in the drawer is he? Interrogation isn't his best area for sure._

 _Twenty-Nine._

 _Thirty._

In less than a second Kamen took a Disc Blade from the back of his belt hidden by his cloak he whipped it out at the guard who was just still in sight, Kamen had used the weapons for years he could almost automatically throw the discs at a target and almost instantly knowing the angle to throw them. The disc flashed through the air and struck the unsuspecting guard just as he went out of sight.

Although Kamen was an expert assassin he couldn't stop everything a second after the guard was hit his weapon clattered on the ground. Radnor swung around only to have a sheath smash into his face, Kamen drew the sword and Radnor instantly brought his large shield up to block Kamen's sword.

The shield did its job well; Kamen's blow just glanced off the shield's upper rim getting deflected to the left. Although Kamen's drew one of his swords and was going underneath to strike at Radnor's legs but he saw the move and deflected with his shield again, by this time Radnor had his sword out and steel clashed on steel. Kamen's swords were slightly longer but he had no armor and Radnor has a big shield. Kamen then jumped onto a pew using it to get around to his opponent's back. Radnor brought the shield around in time to block one sword thrust but not the second. Kamen's left sword pierced a gap in his plate armor just behind his right shoulder, it pierced the skin but hardly anything else blood oozed out but Kamen didn't get a good enough stab to eliminate the use of the arm, for that he was annoyed with himself. He was highly trained he should have stuck it in Radnor shoulder, in fact the stab wasn't even significant for Radnor to cry out in pain, he grunted sure enough but nothing else.

Ember hit thirty the same second Kamen did she quickly notched an arrow onto her bowstring and let her first arrow fly at the archer standing on the ledge above the door. He fell to the ground with an arrow in his chest, the other guards, including the giant, were on instant alert it wasn't until the next two shafts took down the other two guards did the others realize it was Ember.

Only three guards remained, a man with a crude spear, a man with a rusty sword, and the giant with his monstrous mace.

"Kill her!" the giant ordered in his deep voice he then turned to run into the Monastery but the bar on the inside of the doors to keep them shut was suddenly transfixed by an arrow that Ember shot from her bow, the heavy leaf shaped arrowhead pierced through the door and attached it to the bar behind it. Ember did this with a special shot from being the bow back further than full draw the extra power allowed the arrow to almost permanently shut the doors only a small ram would break it. But what Ember didn't know was that the giant with his mace was almost the equivalent to a small ram, he smashed the arrow with a quick swipe of his mace then smashed the middle of the doors just above the bar, then sticking his mace in the crack between the door he brought the mace up then down with extreme force smashing the bar in two.

"Well so much for that," Ember said firing another arrow at the giant, because he moved it pierced his upper left arm.

The giant screamed and tore the arrow out of his upper arm but it wasn't even slightly significant to stop him.  
Ember sighed, "well going to have to do this the hard way" she muttered.

Drawing her katana she bounded toward the two other men as the giant tried to wrestle his way through the now broken door.

Ember's katana caught the swordsman's rusty blade and with a mighty yet lightning fast blow she cleaved the weak blade just above the hilt, she didn't have time to finish him off as the other man's spear headed toward her stomach, however Ember was no fool she whipped out the tanto from the back of her belt and deflected the spear just below the head, then slicing open the man's neck with her katana.

Turning back to the other man she saw him running toward the Monastery Ember took off after him, when he was in range she threw the tanto with all her might, the perfectly balanced blade flew through the air and thudded into the back of his neck.

But she was too late in dispatching the man, because a second after that she realized the giant had made his way through the door and was now in the Monastery!

Kamen was fighting Radnor jumping from pew to pew he tried to get an advantage but the large shield was just getting in the way, then the worst happened the giant came bounding up the main aisle toward him!

Kamen jumped into a pew and ran away from Radnor, turning he threw a Disc Blade to see if he could at least wound the bandit chief.

However again that bothersome shield came up and deflected the blade, Kamen sighed as the giant bounded toward him holding his huge mace with both his gargantuan hands.

The mace came down in a vicious arc but Kamen was ready jumping into another pew Kamen worked his way around the giant and slashed open the man's back. Then racing toward the main aisle where he left Radnor Kamen saw him running toward the back door, Kamen quickly whipped out a Disk Blade and sent it spinning toward the door, he hoped he was close enough to hit either Radnor or the door to stop him.

But it wasn't meant to be, the Disk Blade fell short and just clattered harmlessly on the ground as Radnor crashed through the door to the outside.

Unfortunately, the giant didn't give Kamen any chance to chase after his fugitive, just as Radnor burst out Kamen sensed the giant behind him so Kamen turned to face his opponent, the spiked mace hissed as the giant swung in vertical and horizontal arcs to try and crush Kamen.

Kamen jumped back and decided this had gone on far enough, jumping onto the back of a pew he used it as a step to jump up to the giant head level and brought both sword pommels back onto the giant skull the then giant fell to the ground with an equally sized thud.

Kamen then chased Radnor out the back door like the coward he was he was trying to escape but he forgot the huge cliff that was behind the Monastery, Kamen walked toward him "now stand there like a good boy and let me chop off your head" Kamen said with a serious look his face and voice were not a joking tone he usually took they were cold and pitiless but there was one thing Radnor was…a cornered rat and a cornered rat will eventually fight Radnor knew his only chance was to barrel through Kamen and escape but just as the thought of it a terrifying roar came from behind Kamen, who spun around and saw the giant now weaponless charging at him Kamen took one of his swords and threw it the blade sliced right at the giant's eyes blinding him Kamen jumped to the side and rolled but Radnor wasn't so quick caught on a thorn bush his cloak prevented him from moving in time the giant moving too fast to stop ran into Radnor and they both fell down the cliff almost fifty meters Kamen looked over the edge "well I guess someone's going to have to scrape him off the rocks but then again…who would want to?"

Just as he finished Ember ran up "where's Radnor?" Kamen pointed at the edge of the cliff "down there I'm sure we could make a small pot of stew out of him might be a little foul though but the giant had some good meat on his bones" Ember turned away with horror "are you serious?!" Kamen smiled jokingly at her "no, but I like grossing people out" She glared daggers at him then rolled her eyes she should have known "what about the guards outside?" Ember shrugged "none left so how did you get Radnor and the giant off the cliff?" Kamen shrugged "didn't have to the giant charged at me weaponless I threw my sword so it would blind him I thought he would stop and fall to the ground in pain but he kept running for some odd reason and he took Radnor over the cliff there was nothing I could do" Ember nodded the giant might have been weaponless but certainly not defenseless and his intent was obviously to kill Kamen so he didn't act without honor.

After tying up the sleeping bandits Kamen rang a gong waking them all up he laughed as they tried to free themselves and the hit it again gaining their attention "listen up you idiots will stay here until my brother sends his troops to get you the monks will take care of you but it will probably be the better part of four days" he lied it was only a half a day's ride and he already had twenty well-armed men waiting at the bottom of the hill they would be up here in less than two hours but he wanted them to think they would suffer for a while it wasn't harmful just sort of poking and prodding Kamen liked doing to prisoners giving them the thought of having long uncomfortable nights tied up then reveal it wasn't so bad he walked out of the room and saw the head monk he bowed to him his hands in the wide sleeves "thank you sir we are greatly in your debt" Kamen shrugged "no not really you are in my brother's debt and you are helping him with the pay" the monk grimaced "how much?" "Oh not much just 500 reels of silver" the monk started to open his mouth when Kamen interrupted "Now don't give me that 'we are a poor Monastery' story it gets old I had my partner take a look at your coffers you seem pretty well off and 500 would be nothing, so just send my brother the money with his men and the prisoners and you can get on with your happy lives Radnor is dead and if you want to go scrape what's left of him off the rocks that's your problem otherwise we are leaving" Kamen turned around and motioned to Ember who followed "a little coldblooded" she said when they were outside "no I let them off easy I won't let my brother take more than 500 my original price was going to be 1,000 so they practically don't have to pay anything so I don't care but either way let's get back to the castle" Ember nodded "I agree but let's not do this kind of thing again, I don't like being your sister" Kamen laughed "well no I don't like that too much but it was the first thing that popped to my head"

She rolled her eyes, "still I think a cousin could have been a little more…appropriate or something like that but really your sister? We look nothing alike!" he raised an eyebrow "not all brothers and sisters look alike you know" she smiled at him "maybe so but you and your brother do." Kamen sighed "well we are _twins_ after all," Ember gave him a nudge "true but not all twins are identical" Kamen smiled at her "which is what I am saying not all siblings look alike!" she smiled, "Oh I knew that I just like to argue with you it's fun" He glared at her then stuck his nose in the air trying to retain some of his dignity, she smiled after him as they mounted their horses and went down the path to the castle.


	5. Chapter 5

**Chapter 5**

"You _charged_ them?" Aldan nearly shouted at his brother. They were in his private chambers after Kamen had successfully outmaneuvered the guards and climbed up the tower and into his room, at first another person would wonder how Kamen knew which room was Aldan's they would never know that Aldan had told Kamen their precise location so whenever he needed a mission he would be able to come to him in secret now Aldan however was in disbelief that his brother charged monks, "they are pretty well off Aldan," Kamen said, "Ember said they had at least 4,000 reels in their coffers." Aldan sat down exasperated "why would you charge _monks_ Kamen?" Kamen shrugged, "they wanted you to help them so we did and now they have to pay for it maybe it will have them learn in the future." Aldan glared at his brother, "can't you ever do anything out of the goodness of your heart?" Kamen screwed up his face in thought, "no not really." Aldan sighed, "of course you can't." Kamen raised an eyebrow "what's that supposed to mean?" Aldan waved a hand in dismissal "never mind, just forget what I said." Kamen shrugged it away

Aldan sighed heavily, "listen Kamen, I am sending the money back to the monks when my soldiers bring back the bandits, for trial."  
Kamen grinned, "ah I like a good execution can I swing the sword?" Aldan gave him a pained look, "no I am putting them to hard labor. I need my defenses repaired and improved and I don't want the civilians doing it they don't deserve hard work, and a massacre is pointless when we can use them."

Kamen shrugged, "so you are turning bandits into slaves am I correct?" Aldan shook his head, "no they will be treated better than slaves, you know father's rule 'one man shall not own another' they will be laborers that are treated like prisoners of war so they won't become lazy but my new policy is hard work for criminals that way future ones will be discouraged once I spread rumors of how hard it is."

Kamen smiled, "you are using them to manipulate the crime industry? I like it, same way I manipulated the grapevine to make it so Galtora got all the credit."  
Aldan stopped then spun around, "you did what?!"  
Kamen sat on the window sill "I spread the rumor that Galtora led the charge and surrounded the monastery and slew the giant and killed Radnor in an epic duel which resulted in him being sent over the cliff in a dramatic way." Kamen lay down casually then yawned "of course that is a slightly exaggerated form of it but by the time it reaches this town it will be even better." Aldan sighed even more, "Kamen you are insane! You know how hard this is going to be to clear up?!"  
Kamen smiled, "I prefer the term psychologically challenged and you can't stop it, the rumors are too deep to widespread you have to accept it, why do you think it took so long for me to get back I was busy" Kamen looked at him then walked over to a chess board that was obviously in the endgame he picked up a piece and moved it "checkmate" Kamen smiled at him and the shrugged "You have my report and if that's all then I take my leave" Kamen ran at the window jumped out then pulled out a grappling hook then threw it through the window he kept pulling the rope tight he slowed his decent then stopped two meters from the ground dropping the rest of the way he waved to his brother sixteen meters up "see you later!" Kamen turned and ran out the gate which was open for the day jumping down the stairs four or five at a time.

Getting to the village he bought a few supplies then walked toward the forest as he entered he stopped someone was following him he looked down at his boot still chew on his piece of apple he knelt down and buckled his boot keeping his senses on high alert he walked into the forest moving casually but silently through the forest he knew of some ruins nearby he smiled then turned a corner of the old farmhouse barn he slipped into it a second later a hooded figure appeared seemed to look around the figure slipped into the barn just in front of Kamen who had a small piece of cloth out he slapped it over the stranger's mouth knocking them out instantly he pulled him back into the shadows Kamen flipped off the hood. Just as he expected it was a person he hadn't seen before he heard the sound of horse hooves in the distance hiding his prisoner he pulled out two Disc Blades he moved like a wraith over a broken window only showing one eyes as he peeped out he saw Ember with Starlight and Moonbeam he smiled and stood up as Ember approached the well Kamen moved silently up behind her she didn't turn around "what took you so long?" Kamen shrugged "nothing just thought I should go flirt with some women while I was in town" Ember turned and raised an eyebrow which Kamen mirrored she blinked slowly which Kamen copied exactly. She shrugged "ah well hope you didn't tell anyone anything" Kamen smiled "of course not but really I have a prisoner" Ember looked at him puzzled "prisoner?" Kamen nodded "he was following me from town so I captured him" Ember nodded "and if he's a common bandit?" Kamen shrugged "all the better with the way he was moving he was no idiot. No he's not a bandit" Kamen went and grabbed the man then found some iron shackles and fastened the man to a pole as Ember set up camp Kamen took a bucket of water in his canvas bucket and threw it on the man as he sputtered he tried pulling off the chains Kamen however laughed "no use my friend now who are you?" the man looked at him defiantly "why should I tell you so you can sent me to prison?" Kamen shook his head "no who are you working for?" the man shrugged "myself I saw you had coin and I want it" Kamen shook his head "no…you are an assassin don't think I am a fool you moved far too well to not be"

The man shrugged "and if I am why should you care?" Kamen smiled, "because I want to know who's after me if you tell me honestly I will pay you well how much is your employer offering?" the man smiled "2,000 gold" Kamen nodded "I'll give you 3,000 if you do what I tell you…deal?" The man looked at him puzzled "why would Aldan the Honorable try and take revenge? You can't even kill prisoners of war!" Kamen's eye widened a fraction of an inch then he nodded "no I can't because that is dishonorable but I will kill a person after me. Now…who is it?"

The man looked at him, "I will only tell you if you give me the 3,000" Kamen nodded "if you do what I said and you will get 5,000 not just 3,000" Then man's eyes widened "how?" Kamen smiled "what is the proof?" then man shrugged "your ring" Kamen nodded both he and Aldan had identical rings "alright who is it?" "Raykale the Strong" Kamen nodded "you will go to Raykale and present him my ring here in exchange for the 2,000 then leave with your money and meet us outside his fort and there I will give you 1,000 and then take care of Raykale and retrieve my ring when that is done and we are far away I will give you rest…deal?" the assassin smiled "deal I like the way you think Aldan"

Ember watched the conversation she couldn't believe that Kamen just totally turned the situation around to his favor! Aldan would never know of this unless Kamen told him and no doubt this Raykale was an enemy of Aldan's helping out his brother again.

After Kamen gave the assassin his ring and sent him on his merry way and Kamen and Ember were given directions to Raykale's fort Kamen and Ember rode side by side Kamen was strangely quiet, finally Ember couldn't stand it, she looked at him "why did you do that?" Kamen looked at her "do what?"

She gestured to the path ahead of them "I thought we were heading to the guild yet now we are going way out of our way to kill this guy who is after your brother." Kamen looked at her "and I can't be my brother's keeper?" Ember as surprised at his bluntness, "well no that's not what I meant," she turned her head away slightly embarrassed and ashamed she assumed something like that of Kamen who merely shook his head, "it's fine actually you are right most assassins would just kill the man behind them then not say anything but you see I have to keep Aldan alive because if he is killed then I will have to assume my father's throne because if I don't there will be a squabble for power destroying the last civil area in this part of the world. Which I can't allow to happen on top of that and even more importantly I care about my brother he has done far more for me than anyone else even my father he believed in me long after my father gave up he wants me to be a remembered for being a good person not a cold blooded killer which is why he agreed to send us after the monks he wanted the news of me rescuing the monks to increase my reputation with the nobles and people so I can be accepted again but as you know that's not what I want in life." Ember looked at him curiously "so that's why you spread the rumor that Aldan's captain did it?" Kamen nodded "I have always hated attention that's why I never attended banquets and festivals unlike my brother who is good around people but you knew that." Ember nodded, "it makes sense now thank you."

Kamen smiled at her "well I should hope so that took a lot of my breath away just trying all that" Ember merely rolled her eyes then glanced at him, "remind me to never let any children I might have end up like you" Kamen laughed "that is if you can get a man crazy enough to wed you sure I'll make it the toast of the wedding" Ember giggled, "fine but you will have to wear the most pompous outfit then" Kamen growled "oh okay but as long as you wear something pompous at my wedding" Ember laughed " _Your wedding?_ Since when can you get married I'd be surprised if a girl even considered you much less married you" Kamen shrugged, "oh I could have a hundred girl chasing me I just chose not to" Ember shrugged in return, "whatever saves your pride" He looked at her, "must you always have the last word?" She smiled at him "yes" Kamen merely sighed and they moved on.

A few hours later, Kamen and Ember rode up to a small town on the southeastern end of Frankish territory to the Romans it was known as Gaul. The two of them stopped at the inn of course their natural cause for secrecy was for Ember to book and pay for the room and Kamen climbed in after dark that way any enemy would think it was only Ember in the room thus unprepared Ember rented a room with two beds saying a friend was coming later that day or the next just so they would get a second bed without causing alarm.

Kamen lay on the small mattress it was hard but softer than the ground Kamen sighed he liked inns of course because of the barbarian invasion inns were few and far between but it was nice to have when traveling. Ember looked at him "so where are we going from here?"

Kamen looked at her, "we wait for the message, when that is done we move on to take out Raykale. When that is done we kill the assassin I don't trust him as far as I can throw him." Ember shrugged, "it seems logical for Raykale but why are we trusting him now?" Kamen looked at her, "simple he wants our money and he wants Raykale's he knows that he can't take out Raykale on his own so we will do his dirty work he gets paid two ways then splits but instead I want to turn the tables and take him out as well and get our money and his because we need it" Ember looked puzzled "50,000 isn't enough?" Kamen shook his head, "it is but we aren't keeping it there is a town on our way here that is decimated from the constant feuds and I was planning on helping them at least I was hoping I could with your kind permission." He said with a smile, Ember smiled and shook her head "not at all I wouldn't mind just as long as my 50,000 isn't touched" Kamen shrugged "no problem" Ember looked out the window "if you don't mind after we do that I want to stop by some place before our next mission after that" Kamen looked interested "what place is that?" Ember smiled at him "nothing, I'll show you when we get there as for me I'm tired you get first watch." Without another word she rolled over and went to sleep with Kamen wondering two things. Wondering what place she wanted to go to and how she he didn't see her out maneuvering him Kamen smiled and took first watch.

The next day, the pair rode toward Raykale's lair, there was little to talk about after all both knew what they had to do both knew why they were going there Kamen sighed heavily for the eighth time in the past five minutes finally Ember couldn't take it she looked at him "what is wrong with you?" Kamen looked at her a little startled, "oh nothing really I just feel like I am doing something wrong." Ember raised an eyebrow "what do you mean Kamen?" The young assassin looked straight ahead not speaking for a few moments "why should I help my brother? Every time I tell him to keep me in the shadows he tries to drag me into the limelight I don't like it and he knows it that whole Monastery thing was a set up." Ember looked at him confused "a set up how do you know? You mean a suicide mission?" Kamen shook his head "he lied to you about Radnor's abilities to see his men from miles away because if that was the case why send thirty men less than an hour after us? I think he wanted me to take them down and take the credit and push me into the limelight…again he's done it so many times I lost count and I really can't take it anymore" Ember looked at him and nodded she never had this problem she knew what Kamen felt she too wanted to be in the shadows wanted to be where people couldn't see her. There was nothing she could say or do to help Kamen she knew that and he did as well but she gave it a shot remembering in her deepest oldest memory what her mother said to her father whenever he had a problem. She looked at Kamen and breathed in heavily "You can talk about it with me if you want" she then looked away Kamen looked at her for a moment "My brother has always been the one for the throne why I was born first I have no idea but I guess that's how it was meant to be, I abdicated when I was fifteen it was prior to that I had made my first real assassination, it was a murderer that would never had been proven in court so his latest victim's father gave me a special mission to kill him an easy enough mission but he didn't give it to me as Prince Kamen but rather as a strange assassin known as Phantom, of course it wasn't until later that he found out who I was but I didn't turn him in…I thanked him and then abdicated from the throne of my father, who of course was more than just angry he was downright fanatical I never had seen him that angry before or after he didn't understand my ways but he used me as his personal assassin but never stopped trying to convince me to reclaim the throne it was only two years ago that he died, I never did manage to please him but…I can't be something I am not and I don't want to be not for my father nor my brother or anyone I am who I am and no one can change me."  
Ember smiled at her friend, she knew he was scared to tell her that naturally he would never admit it but Kamen wasn't the only one who could tell a person's emotions, she wanted to help him in any way she could. But for now she wanted to focus on the mission at hand, suddenly Kamen's voice interrupted her thoughts, "thank you Ember I know we haven't known each other for long but I am glad you are here, but onto more urgent things, we have a man to kill and I think you should take this one." She looked at him a little surprised she shrieked, "Me? Why me?" Kamen smiled, "what's the matter scared?" Ember glared at him "No! I just don't understand why I have to clean up your mess." Kamen laughed, "Oh! I thought you enjoyed ending people's lives, oh well I guess not I will do it" Ember slapped him, "I will do it you idiot after all everyone knows you can't send a man to do a woman's job" Kamen raised an eyebrow, "when did I volunteer to sew?" Ember's eyes widened in anger and she put a hand on her katana as Kamen did the same "don't you dare Ember at a single word your horse will be flying around like a crazed banshee so mind your manners" Ember knew he spoke the truth just because her horse let Ember ride doesn't mean Kamen couldn't command it to buck her off. "Alright you win this round but next time I will take you out for sure" Kamen laughed "hopefully for my sake there won't be a next time." Ember glared at him for a second then laughed with him.

After a few hours of riding then stopped for camp about half a day's ride for Raykale's lair the little campsite was a place of happiness for Ember she knew now what a true friend was but tomorrow her assassination instincts would be at maximum level turning her once again into a cold blooded killer.

(I am very sorry for the very long wait! I recently moved and have been very busy! I will try to update much more often!)


	6. Update (not a chapter!)

Hello to everyone who reads my story,

First off I want to thank you for taking time out of your day to read my story I work really hard to write, edit and I am glad you enjoy it I appreciate the reviews and advice I get from here and my friends.

Also, for anyone wondering, this story takes place in an alternate universe were certain events happen long before they do historically and other don't happen at all while others never happened period so I guess this can be called historical fiction but I don't think I should because not everything is accurate.

Finally, I apologize for taking so long to update this story mostly because I have a very busy personally life and my computer is well...low end, I have had a lot of problems with it lately and right when I got everything running more or less smoothly my battery died and my charger does not work (I am currently using a school computer to write this) so that is why it hasn't updated in over a month and a half last week I had just finished Chapter 6 and was going to post it when the charger broke.

Anyway, thank you for your patience I will replace my charger ASAP and I will update that same day.

Thanks,

Zero Gravity


	7. Chapter 6

**Chapter 6**

Ember sat in the shade of a large oak tree, she smiled as the sun sank in the west over the hills she watched for the assassin that Kamen mentioned, Kamen himself was about a twenty meters back sleeping she knew even the best assassins needed sleep she slept earlier that day so now she was ready for action, she was just a little angry and impatient that this man hadn't shown up yet.

Finally, after an hour of waiting she saw him she walked over to Kamen and woke him up she was relieved to know that he was experienced enough to not only sleep with a weapon concealed next to him but that he was a light sleeper. He was instantly awake and alert he looked at her and nodded, she nodded back and they both moved toward the meeting spot Ember looked at her companion and noticed if she walked into right now she never would have guessed he was asleep a few minutes ago. She saw one of his disc blades out in his left hand and his right hand on his sword handle the assassin approached looking over his shoulder constantly Ember and Kamen glanced at each other "so?" Ember asked when the assassin was in earshot he looked around then seeing the two near invisible pair he walked over to them "yeah it's done so you two are going to go get it then?" Kamen shook his head then nodded to Ember. "No" Ember explained, "I am going to go get the ring while you and Aldan stay here. I will be back" She vanished from sight after a few minutes while the assassin looked at Kamen "she's a fiery one eh?" Kamen raised an eyebrow "you have no idea what my wife is capable of"

Ember moved stealthily through the forest, she reached the edge of the forest she looked over the fort and sighed this would be too easy she looked at the sun it was about half an hour before dark she smiled she hid her katana, bow and but kept her three of her tantos two under her skirt one in her boot and one hidden with the rest of her gear she then put on her disguise of a poor girl and walked toward the village seeing mostly male dominant she looked around and walked in she smiled at most of them who smiled back as she walked toward the fort then seeing her target exactly how Kamen described, tall heavily bearded, with a large slightly broken nose with heavy brows and jet black hair she frowned what was strange is most men like him had a nice look to them, as if they thought they were right, but he just looked like pure malice as if malice had been incarnated.

Ember sighed to herself now she just wanted to kill this guy but she knew what she had to do she didn't like it but it was what had to be done. She walked right by him making a flirty gesture she walked by the fort acting as if she was in awe from it, Raykale walked up to her "Hello miss, what are you doing here all alone?" Ember looked at him batting her eyes "just looking for a handsome man to help me with something someone tall dark and strong…do you think you could help a poor girl like me?" He smiled at her lustfully, "what can I help you with?" She looked at him seeing Kamen's ring on his finger "I'm poor but I want something beautiful something…ooh! That ring! Where did you get it?" Raykale looked at her, "oh that? It's a…gift" Ember looked at him sadly "oh, I'm sorry I didn't mean to…" Raykale laughed "no it's fine miss I just want something from you for it," Ember smiled then put her hands on his shoulders then kissed the man passionately, pushing him up against the wall of the fort she slipped the ring off his finger and slipped it into a hidden pocket then after a few painful moments she parted from him and walked away throwing her hair back Raykale laughed as she did she went back to the woods then walked in a large zig zag arc back to the camp she walked forward and tossed Kamen the ring he caught it and smiled at the assassin "alright here's the rest of your payment now scram" the assassin laughed "I didn't know Aldan was married nor could kill like this pity you weren't a ruler the Assassin's Guild would be the perfect place for you." Kamen stood up, "what did you say?" the assassin raised an eyebrow "the Assassin's Guild, a large group of assassins that rebuilt Troy, well not them but some ancestor of the Overlord did."  
Kamen smiled, "what's your name?" "Estabon, why?" Kamen nodded, "let me see your seal," said Kamen. Ember watched with interest was this the same guild Kamen was talking about? She heard very little about it and was now interested in learning more, Estabon pulled off his simple ring and handed it to Kamen, Kamen inspected it slightly then handed it back to him, "Well it looks like I met a comrade, I wish I had known earlier or I wouldn't have lied to you."  
Estabon looked confused then suspicious "what do you mean lied?" Kamen stood up smiling at the assassin noting his slightly messy black hair his eyes brown and cold now staring at Kamen, his slight Frankish accent and goatee, he was shorter than Kamen but taller than Ember his muscles were small typical for an assassin he wore deep, faded green shirt with a hood and dark brown trousers with brown leather boots. Kamen shrugged, "I am not Aldan but his brother Kamen I am also a member of the Guild," Kamen took out a ring from his pocket and handed it to Estabon. Estabon looked at it, "a captain! My god! I never would have guessed you were a captain!" Kamen shrugged, "helps to be an ex prince" Estabon shook his head "so this girl is your wife?" Ember looked at Kamen in shock "your what?" she shrieked and slapped Kamen "I thought I told you not to do that!" Kamen shook his head "no you said for me to say you were my sister I didn't, I said wife instead" Ember's face turned red with embarrassment and anger, "Kamen I swear! One of these days I will kill you!" Kamen smiled "well at least I'll die happy" Estabon burst out laughing, Ember glared at him then kicked him in the shin he bent over grasping his shin while laughing "ha ha ha! You two even behave like a married couple! All you need is to say you are and I'd believe it!" Ember almost blew her top, "I swear men are so…ugh!" she stormed off getting on her horse and riding east Kamen looked after her, "I think I went too far, either way Estabon I hope to see you at the Guild Meeting that's coming up" Estabon calmed down then sat on a log "yes I am looking forward to it, mostly the women eh?" he glanced meaningfully at Kamen who raised an eyebrow and smacked him on the back of the head, "I remember your brother saying you were an idiot sometimes now I believe him."

Ember rode Starlight until she was out of sight dismounting she kicked a rock fiercely, "Ugh, why does Kamen do those things? He knows I get mad what's wrong with saying I'm a friend or something?" she sat down then sighed, "aw well I mean I guess he was pretending to be Aldan and he needed some sort of excuse" she thought about it for a while then sighed, "I mean I'm sure I would have done the same in his place but still no way am I going to have him know that"

She stood up and walked over to her horse then getting had Starlight trot back to camp.

When she got there she was downright shocked, the camp was deserted with one of Kamen's swords in the grass she found a hastily scribbled message in the handle it read: _followed_ she raised an eyebrow "what does that-," She stopped and remembered, "aw great!" putting Kamen's sword on her waist she ran over, getting on Starlight she rode toward Raykale's fort then forcing the strong horse into a fast gallop she stopped at the sign of Raykale's fort in time to see Kamen and Estabon being dragged into the tyrant's fort Ember gritted her teeth she fell to her knees "Damn it! I screwed up again!" She got up and ran over to Starlight grabbing her bow Ember stopped to think almost 40 men including Raykale, two people to save at for sure Kamen. Estabon was optional, but desirable she notched an arrow to her bow no doubt Raykale would keep them in some dungeon but she stopped there was no way she could take on 40 men with just over 30 arrows and her katana, spinning around she dismounted and paced looking at the sky she waited, she could wait until dawn when they were sleepy, sneak in and kill them off one by one…but how would she get into the fort? As she paced the moon set sighing she honed her sword, she knew Kamen would be so angry with her and he'd have every reason to be she got cocky and let herself get followed how could she make such a rookie mistake? Now, because she made that mistake she had to rescue her friend, well friend and comrade of a friend but still! Ember pulled out her bow sat down and dozed off in the warm night.

Kamen was suspended high above the ground about thirty feet he noticed the thick chain his cage was suspended from the hard reinforced bars of his cage while he could probably squeeze through the bars it was almost eight feet from the tower window which was locked shut Estabon was in an identical cage on the other side of the tower Kamen couldn't believe what had happened about two minutes after Ember left they were surrounded by Raykale and his men supposedly they had no idea that Ember was part of the group so Kamen thought…but he quickly scribbled 'followed' on a piece of parchment before they were captured when he stuck it in his sword handle a guard noticed him and threw the sword away luckily the man was dumb enough not to notice him writing. He dearly hoped Ember was captured…or worse because Raykale just finished torturing Estabon while Kamen could see Estabon he couldn't reach him Estabon smiled at Kamen, "Idiot thought he could tell me where we hid the money good thing you told me to hide it I didn't think of ever doing that, no I know better" Kamen nodded "yeah I know what you mean I learned the hard way too. It's never a good idea when you are with strangers but if you hide it in separate places the money is twice as safe"

Kamen himself was tortured, already his thumb felt like it was broken from the thumbscrew Raykale used on him. But he was trained to resist torture, it was a skill he knew was necessary in his line of work of course he was right.

Kamen sat in his cage massaging his injured body, he looked around and it was about an hour until dawn he wondered if Ember was going to attack then. But for now he laid down to get some sleep he knew he should keep up his strength when Ember attacks.

Dawn.

The sun rose, the sky streaked with pink and purple, Kamen sat up and looked around he heard something, suddenly he looked down in surprise two men were lying dead on the walls! Both had an arrow transfixed in their throats, Kamen gulped then heard a pound on the window as Raykale kicked it open "who the hell is attacking my fort!" he yelled at Kamen, Kamen shrugged "I don't know, why don't you ask your men?" Raykale growled in frustration "I know you had something to do with this assassin now who is it?" Kamen yawned "probably your enemies," he said laying down on the floor of the cage Raykale angry kicked the cage making it rock Kamen didn't move, "I won't ask again! Who is it!" Kamen sat up and looked down at the ramparts which now had enemies swarming over them, and shrugged "I am guessing Black Swan." Raykale's face went pale with fear he may have forty men at his command but the Black Swan was the best group of fighters in Gaul, if they were invading his fort…he had only one thing to do, Aldan must have hired them in order to kill him but Raykale could escape if he captured Aldan held him at sword point and told him to have the Black Swan back off. Grabbing the key to the cage Raykaale unlocked it quickly and pulled Kamen out and pulled him into the tower and put a sword to his throat "Order them off or you die."

Kamen smiled "do you really think I ordered them to come here? You are a bigger fool than I thought Raykale-," Raykale pressed the sword blade a little farther just enough to draw blood but not puncture Kame's windpipe, "I know you did Aldan! The stunt with the assassin, then with the woman, then pretending to get captured, just to draw my attention so you could attack my fort! Admit it Aldan!" Kamen smiled wider, "Aldan didn't do any of that I did," Raykale looked at him confused "you're not Aldan?" Kamen shook his head, "I'm his brother," then without a second thought Kamen grabbed the sword blade on the blunt side of Raykale's single edged wide tipped saber , he twisted it away from his throat smashed his knee into Raykale then head butted him in the forehead then disarming him and grabbing a knife on Raykale's belt and slammed it into the back of his neck then going over to Estabon's cage Kamen cut him loose and let him out giving him the knife and Kamen grabbed the saber "Let's get out of here."

The battle didn't last long, the Black Swan's reputation was no exaggeration within an hour the defenders had surrendered in fact some of them were just waking up from a drunken sleep when they had been marched out and shackled with their comrades Kamen came out of the tower dropping Raykale's head in front of them they all gasped only Ember was emotionless mostly because decapitation wasn't really something she was too shocked at in the battlefield and duels it happened all the time, Kamen addressed them "Too long have you terrorized nearby villages and farms, too long has Raykale caused misery amongst people in his shire well that ends today my name is Kamen I serve his majesty, Prince Aldan the Wise, I suggest you all leave here and not return for even though I look like Aldan to an amazing degree I am not as kind as he is and trust me if he doesn't kill you on the spot I will, you have until sunset to leave now go!"

As soon as he finished the men and women under Raykale's command sprawled over each other tripping and falling trying to get their belongings and get out as quickly as possible.

After most of them left Kamen turned to the leader of Black Swan a beautiful middle aged woman named Opal, just like her daughters she was named after a gemstone.  
"Well Black Swan I never guessed you would have showed up" said Kamen shaking her hand, Opal laughed "well my husband and I like you Kamen we wouldn't let Raykale kill you so easily besides my daughter wants your head."  
Kamen looked at a young woman about his age, who was an exact replica of her mother of course not as old looking but of course extremely attractive. Kamen grimaced as she approached him glaring at him, "Kamen…I never have hated and loved a man so much," first she slapped him across the face the kicked him in the shin Kamen stepped back in pain gripping his leg, "Listen Sapphire, I never meant to-" he got no farther as she pivoted and smashed her elbow into his chin then slammed her palm into his chest and sent him staggering she then kicked at his chest but Kamen was over his initial surprise and caught her foot and twisted and kicked her in the chin sending her to the ground he stepped back he pulled out a Disc Blade and raised his arm just as Sapphire's parents and brother moved forward he flicked his wrist revealing an additional two in his hand Ember had her bow out and an arrow on the string Estabon had a small blowpipe loaded and ready the two parties at an impasse then Ember heard an unexpected sound…laughter.

Starting with Kamen then moving to Black Swan suddenly Kamen dropped his Discs and Ember lowered her bow Kamen walked over to Opal and patted her shoulder "it's good to see you guys again! How did you know I was here?" Opal gestured to Ember, "that excellent young woman there! She found us camping and when she mentioned you we agreed to help," Kamen looked at Ember and nodded slightly Ember smiled inwardly she liked to see Kamen give her that look to anyone else it was just a casual nod but she knew he was saying along the lines of "I owe you one" it was nice to see he still knew she wasn't a typical person you'd meet. Kamen turned to Opal, "so she mentioned me and Sapphire couldn't resist trying to beat me up again?" Opal smiled, "she hasn't forgiven you for running out on her she was crushed Kamen she really did love you." Kamen smiled "that's the thing about me Opal, I'm unpredictable so how much do I owe you?" Opal shrugged, "consider it returning the favor." With that she turned to her group calling them out to go back to camp.

Estabon smiled at them, "I'd like to stay with you captain but Opal said I could travel with them they are an interesting group in need of a…extra member" Kamen raised an eyebrow at that, "Have fun with Ruby she's a fine woman your type too." Estabon looked abashed "Kamen why would you—" when he saw Ember's expression of total contempt for the pathetic lie he knew he was going to say he shrugged and smiled embarrassed, "well no use lying to a captain and his wife eh? You're right I have never seen a more wonderful woman such as Ruby!" Kamen shook his head, "and I know that I won't live that down take care Estabon just remember the Code and you'll be fine." Estabon nodded, "I will take care Captain you too Ember." Ember nodded to him and with that Estabon went to join Black Swan.

Kamen turned to her and smiled, "pity what he said wasn't true," Ember looked at him confused "about what?" "about you being my wife" with that Kamen sprinted out of the ruined fort Ember caught off guard paused giving him a few second head start but after getting over her surprise she sprinted after him..


End file.
