


Western Escapades of Eric Shadow Anderson

by 0bsessi0ns



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Romance
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2012-10-20
Updated: 2012-10-20
Packaged: 2018-10-02 08:00:21
Rating: K+
Chapters: 1
Words: 1,046
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/3067085/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/823210/0bsessi0ns
Summary: "You could say I'm the unofficial Sheriff" Eric Anderson is a young cowboy who is trying to rid the world of scum, one criminal at a time. Fate causes him to cross paths with spoilt but beautiful Evelyn Jezebel. Together they go on a dangerous adventure, running into all kinds of trouble.





	

**Western Escapades of Eric "Shadow" Anderson**

Gritty dust, churned up by the horses' hooves, coiled around Evelyn, causing a sharp sting in the corners of her pale jade eyes that were beginning to water. She couldn't quite decide if it was the dirt that was causing her eyes to glaze over with unshed tears, or just her overwhelming fear. The burly men that surrounded her seemed to think it was the latter, which caused amused expressions to flicker across their features. "Now, dear, there's no need to cry and spoil that pretty face. Just hand over your valuables and we'll be on our way" There was a hard edge to the sickening sweet tone of the bandit that had addressed her and she swallowed nervously. Evelyn's eyes swept over each of the other men, assessing them briefly. Eight. There were eight of them. Only now she saw how ridiculously foolish it had been to go strolling around these parts, especially adorned with such fine jewellery. Dammit, her Uncle had been right as usual which infuriated her. Whilst she was mentally scolding herself the bandits were growing even more impatient. "You're wasting our time Angel. Don't make me use this" One of the slightly smaller men had his pistol aimed directly at her head.

Despite the splitting sound of her heart pounding in her ears, she met his gaze levelly. She had nothing if not her pride. Looking directly at him, she opened her mouth to give him a piece of her mind, convinced they would be the last words she would ever utter. "Drop the gun. Now." That wasn't her voice. No. It was sharp, cutting. And it came from behind the bandit, who now gripped his gun a lot more tightly, his eyes sparked with terror. Her eyes glanced above his head where she saw a young cowboy who seemed barely above her own fragile age of nineteen. The boy rode a beautiful white stallion which tossed its head proudly, the orange glow of the evening sun catching its glossy silver mane.

A cry of irritation jolted her out of her thoughts. "He's just a kid! Shoot him, for crying out loud" Without sparing a single second for rational thinking, Evelyn pulled her arm back then propelled it forward in one swift movement. Her fist met the gun-wielding bandit's nose with a satisfying crack. The man staggered back, curses spouting from his mouth and she stood dazed for a second, surprised at herself. The cowboy on the horse, however, did not hesitate. He began riding his horse through the circle of men, shooting each one who stood in his way. Not wanting to seem helpless, Evelyn attempted to help, throwing unpractised punches which mainly resulted in aggravated bandits. The cowboy's techniques were far more polished and Evelyn could barely hide her amazement as he picked off each individual criminal.

Within a few mere minutes, all eight bandits lay dead on the dusty ground. Lifeless eyes stared hauntingly at the two young adults, sending an uneasy chill down Evelyn's spine. Before she could thank him, the young man turned on her, regarding her as though she were a small child. "Do you make habit of getting under people's feet?" He demanded. His sudden question was met with a response of shocked silence on Evelyn's part. She didn't like to think of herself as a burden. After a minute of tensional quiet, she fixed him with a glare. "Excuse me? I don't recall asking you to rescue me" "Is that 'thank you for saving my life'?" He shot back, his expression remaining calm and collected but his tone spiked. Evelyn could barely believe her ears. Was this guy for real? "I can handle myself!" She retorted defiantly, tossing her hair over her shoulder haughtily. This was met with abrupt laughter although it was severely lacking humour. "Oh please, you were about to have your brains blown out when I arrived" Evelyn, being pretty and charmingly sweet, wasn't used to boys talking down to her and she wasn't sure how to respond. Sure, he'd saved her but boy was he letting her know it.

"Look, thank you for saving my life but you're making it difficult to be grateful right now. What exactly is your problem?" "You were getting in the way, attempting to help, when I was trying to kill them quickly and easily. You were putting your own life at risk." Evelyn scoffed, her anger building up again. "Did I die? No. I helped didn't I? Stop thinking you're something special" He simply shook his head in an exasperated manor, as if letting her know he wasn't going to dignify her comment with a response.

Evelyn smoothed her skirts down and turned on her heel, then starting to walk away. "Hey! Where are you going?" The young cowboy's voice brought her to a standstill and she glanced over her shoulder at him. "Wherever I feel like going" His eye-roll told her that her reply hadn't sounded quite as tough as she'd hoped. "No you're not. It's dark" Evelyn shrugged carelessly. "I can take care of myself. I'd rather be at risk than have you escort me" "Then you're even more foolish than you appear. Come on" Without warning, he scooped her up in his arms and carried her over to the white stallion that had been patiently listening to their conflict.

"Put me down! I demand you let me go!" "Not gonna happen Princess" He flung her up onto the horse with surprising ease then hitched himself up in front of her. Evelyn's lady-like instincts were the only thing keeping her from swearing. "Hold on tight" She reluctantly obeyed, wrapping her arms around his muscular chest from behind. The cowboy dug his heels into the stallion's sides and suddenly they were galloping across the open plains. Evelyn's cascading waterfall of red hair was whipped about wildly and the wind slapped her rosy cheeks. Riding off into the sunset wasn't quite as dreamy as she'd imagined.

It became considerably less enjoyable when the cowboy who had been rather quiescent for several minutes, started speaking. "You live at Cysteine Falls don't you?" "Maybe I do. Maybe I don't" This seemed to amuse him as a low chuckle formed in his throat. "Evelyn Raine Jezebel. You live with your Uncle, William James Jezebel, correct?" Evelyn's brow and her pale pink lips twisted into a scowl. "How do you know that?" "I'm the Sheriff around these parts" "Sheriff's don't tend to kill criminals. They arrest them" He seemed to consider this and a barely-there smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. "Well, I guess you could say I'm the unofficial Sheriff"

Silence fell upon the pair as Evelyn thought about returning home to her Uncle who would undoubtedly be _very_ hacked off. Although she wasn't overjoyed about the messy, bush-like look her hair had adapted, galloping across the wide open space was rather wonderful. She wondered what it would be like to spend her whole life doing just that, rather than sitting at home like the pampered wealthy young women she was. Who would want to go back to that? She cast a sideways glance at the cowboy, still holding onto him tightly as they rode.

"I don't suppose I could… come with you?" He looked back at her, seeming to have been caught off guard. "What? Of course not. I'm taking you home." "What if I don't want to go home?" She had expected him to ignore that but to her surprise, he regarding her thoughtfully. "You really don't want to return home? Is it that awful?" Evelyn watched him, choosing her words carefully. "Well… My Uncle and I, we're on different wavelengths. He doesn't understand me and we don't really get on very well… I feel so trapped. I'm spoilt, pampered and denied of opportunities. Like the opportunity to experience being free…" She was aware of the sudden change in her tone and she could tell the expression her face wore matched it. Why was she pouring out her wants and feelings to him? To this arrogant, rude, irritating man whose name she didn't even know? Only as she began to feel the intensity of the evening sun beating down on her shoulders, did she realise that they had actually drawn to a standstill and he was now looking back at her with a look that somehow made her feel uneasy. "Evelyn… Are you serious? You want to come with me?"

"I'm serious. Please, I want an adventure. Take me with you…"


End file.
