


The Twelve Protectors

by 13thprotector



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2010-05-10
Updated: 2010-12-21
Packaged: 2018-08-17 03:25:03
Rating: T
Chapters: 2
Words: 12,083
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2805568/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/723819/13thprotector
Summary: A group of children find their power and save the world from the Dark Spirit.





	1. Chapter 1

**The Twelve Protectors**

"A long time ago there were twelve warriors who fought to protect our world from evil. They fought till blood flowed like sweat down their cheeks. In time the warriors knew they could not stop it with their little experience in battle. Time passed and the warriors were captured and tortured, and as their final breath passed out of their mouths they ruptured a portal that would trap the evil in time. The warriors did not survive to see their victory, but their legacy lives on in all of us in the world!"

 **CHAPTER 1: Scars of the Soul**

The young man stepped off the ferry and looked around, his hood covered his face and his cloak covered his body. Soldiers walked the streets of the Facilities in the Eastern Country. The man saw how six years changed his old home, leaving the civilians to cower in the dark alleys and in buildings. His mask saw through when the moon rose up in the night. The officers saw him and ran.

"So the E.A.T. do fear me." the man muttered under his breath.

The officers ran and cowered because they knew what he had done to their slave operations. His friends have waited six years since he escaped the Eastern Country and went on an adventure to find a power to save all his friends and family.

Everyone in the Eastern Assault Team knew who the Unknown was but they didn't know who was under the mask.

The Unknown got to a building that felt familiar to him. He checked around and went inside. When he reached to remove his mask his cloak began to disappear, and soon all the shadows brought by the mask were gone and he was now Alum again.

Alum opened a secret compartment in the building and climbed down until he was in the sub-levels of the building. He heard snoring faintly down the halls.

Alum then noticed a photo that was burnt a little but still fit in the frame. He picked it up and his eyes widened. It was the picture he took with all his friends back before he left. He counted closely and saw all **Twelve** of them including himself. A small smile came to him and he went over to the hall. He peered through the doors to find his friends sleeping. He then went to the one and only empty room that looked like his room from before he left.

In the morning he heard the others start to wake up and he went to one person he always cared for the most room. He went in and sat on her bed side. As he did that she woke up and tackled him in a fury with tears going down her cheeks.

"Alum, is it really you?" she said wiping her eyes.

"I said I'd be back one day didn't I?"

"We waited six years, I WAITED SIX YEARS!" said the girl with tears still going down he face.

"Well I said I would come back when I was sure I could get you all out, and I kept MY PROMISE! Lisa, I want you to have this." Alum gave the girl a sphere that glowed a dark blue color.

"What is this?"asked Lisa as she wiped away her tears.

"You look to the stars for the answer to that."

Alum and Lisa walked down the hall to the main area. Only three of the others were in the main room. The Freedom Fighters' banner was hanging from the wall above a shelf with potions and magical essence laying on it. One of the three first noticed Alum walking down and bursted out, "No way!"

The other two turned and looked, their eyes widened and they knew it would finally be over. The first boy with the black jacket, with red cloud pattern on it, said, "Whoa man y... you're back."

Alum looked around and said, "Wait where's everyone else?!"

"Well I sent them out to get some supplies, we've been running low since we joined the resistance."

"The Resistance?!?! Are you plum out of your mind!?!? The E.A.T. has information over everyone in the facility and everyone in the resistance! How big of an idiot can you be Keith!?"

"Alum please don't yell like that," Lisa said with a sad face.

The other boy that was sitting down, got up and said, "Well I guess I should go look for them, anything to get away from your love fest."

"Well Tyler, watch your back."

"Oh my gosh, get your eyes checked! Look who you're talking to," Tyler said already at the exit.

"Right, don't kill anyone."

"Much better."

Off in the distance of the capital building, the dark warriors, known only as the worshippers, were plotting a devious plan.

"Master I have found the Unknown," said a girl with bandages over her eyes.

"Good, we must break this man, this symbol of hope," said a man with prosthetic limbs and his skin ripped and torn to shreds, "Mora report it to Admiral Luice."

"Yes my master."

"And once your done, return to the temple, we cannot lose you in this time."


	2. Chapter 2 to 10

**The Twelve Protectors**

Chapter 2:

Fragment of Dreams

Tyler Walked the streets with such an ease it was unnoticed.

"Best look in everyone's favorite areas first then check back," he muttered under his breath.

The further he walked the more his heart beat under his black vest. His clothes weighed him down much enough that he started to huff. The shoulder guards were big and stiff, and the leather he wore made the heat of the steam and gas that came from the factories unbearable, "I should have volunteered Keith!"

He finally reached a store that had a big sign on it but the sign was broken and unreadable. Inside were a bunch of clothes and two girls were looking through them.

"Hey Emily, do you think he'll like this?" said the girl standing to the one reading a book.

"You know Mako, I think Kyler would like you no matter what you wear." said Emily

"Aw, that's sweet, but I think you're jealous!"

"Jealous?! I just wish you would stop dragging me around with you!"

"Dragging who?" Tyler said in a barging in sort of way, "Oh wait I'm just a messenger right now. Keith says to get back to the hideout now, he's got something for everyone."

"OOOH! What is it??" asked Mako in a childish manner.

"HA! Like I'd tell you," Tyler walked off and left through the door.

Outside eyes were watching Tyler intently. The hunters watched for anyone suspicious.

Back at the hideout the four spoke of the battle plans and strategies the resistance had.

"Ok Alum joining the Resistance was the only choice we had, I hope you aren't as angry when you hear the good news," Keith said in a soft calming voice.

"Don't worry old friend I've calmed down and I'm ready," Alum said.

"Well the good news is that the E.A.T. has been loosing most of its resources and supplies, the bad news is the Resistance isn't behind it."

"Worshipers…" whispered Alum.

"Aren't they just a legend?" asked Sasaki.

"No, no! They are real but have been hiding for years. When I left I joined a faction called the Believers and they taught me many things a bout the constant flow of energy that surrounds us, they also taught of the Worshipers and the two factions being mortal enemies," Alum said as he sat down and put his hand to his head.

"Well these Believers can stand up to them can't they?" asked Keith as he placed the map on the table.

"No they can't. The Believers fight in self defense, they would never join a war like this, and besides their pacifist ways, they have disappeared into the dark regions and many have been killed off."

Suddenly the two other girls came in talking and stopped cold.

"Long time no see, you two," said Alum with a brightened face.

"Hey We heard you were dead!" busted Mako.

"Well you want to see if I'm dead?!" Alum said in an intimidating voice.

"Tyler said you had a gift for us," Emily said to Keith.

Sasaki interrupted, "Well he lied and I'm going to give him a butt whooping when he gets back."

Mako smirked and Emily went back to reading.

"Keith I've seen war, I've fought and killed more than you can count, I think you need my help getting out," Alum said in a heroic way.

"I know, wait until everyone gets back alright," Keith replied with a grin.

Chapter 3:

Hunted Night

Tyler kept looking around and couldn't find anyone, so he decided to go back to the hideout. Suddenly a bulky figure showed up and body slammed Tyler into a wall.

"BULK TIERED OF WAITING! BULK KILL LITTLE UNKNOWN!!!" the huge man screamed through his armored mask.

"I'm… not… the …Unknown you big idiot!" Tyler yelled at Bulk and kicked fire and shot the huge body into the other building.

Another big guy picked Tyler up onto his feet and dusted him off, "Hey little buddy, you got some trouble?"

"Andrew, are you always hiding behind me waiting to fight someone?"

"Well yeah! You pick the most fights with just about everyone, I just want a piece of the action," the big boy said, and even under the bandages he wore on his face you could tell when he was smiling.

"BULK NO LIKE LIERS!!!" the huge man roared as he charged at the two.

"KSSHH… Bulk, I thought I told you to think. Get back to base now!" a gruff voice from a radio commanded the huge man to the shadows like a predator that had lost.

"So little guy what did you need me and Christian to do?" the large boy asked as another, much less bulked boy stepped into the shadows.

"Keith wanted to tell you two something, he said it's urgent."

"Well, best not keeping the man waiting. Oh, and Tyler, Kyler and Grant are at the junkyard and Cody is in the fruit store down by the E.A.T. HQ." the tall slim boy said before speeding up to catch up with Andrew.

At the junkyard the two boys were scavenging any raw piece of metal so they could use their skills to get some money. In facilities where slaves and captives are, money is scarce so Kyler and Grant forge swords for self defense of the people who live there.

"Grant! I found these components, do you think they'll work on it?" the boy in the orange vest asked in a loud manner.

"Kyler keep your voice down! You know sword making is illegal in the E.A.T. laws," the other boy scorned.

"Well I had to get your attention. It's so quiet during the mid noon," Kyler looked up at the sky, it was grey but hot and blinding with the toxic fumes from the factories.

A hand grabbed the shoulders of both Kyler and Grant. When they turned they saw it was Tyler, "Still trying to build that ultimate sword?"

"No we're not, we just needed a little more money to get the supplies Keith wanted us to get," said Grant in an aggravated way.

"Well who cares about the supplies, Keith said he needed to see you… something about an ion blade enhancer…"

Just as he said that Grant dashed away with Kyler left behind, "You're lying, Keith wouldn't send you to tell us that."

"Smart, but he does need you."

"Fine. I'll go, but you need to get Grant an emitter or he'll be angry."

"Alright, now get moving."

At the fruit store Cody was getting all his favorite fruit, grapes, apples, peaches, pears, etc.

He looked around to see if anyone was looking. Then out of the sudden he grabbed a hand full of grapes and stuffed it in his mouth.

When he got outside he looked around and then started for the hideout, while eating the grapes like candy.

"Satisfied with you're meal? I haven't gotten to eat today," Tyler stalked up on the unsuspecting boy who swallowed the grapes fast.

"T…Tyler?? What are you doing here?"

"Keith sent me to get you, he also said for me to take those grapes from you."

Cody frowned.

"But I'll have to say you slipped away, now hurry and get back to the hideout."

Cody started in a run to the hideout.

A little later Tyler started to realize something. The people in the facility were in hiding, which only meant one of two things; either the hunters are out or slavers are on the prowl. Tyler stuck to the shadows and went with caution.

Back at the hideout, Alum had gone back to his room and started to meditate. Meditating always reminded him of the time he was a Believer. Back then he had other friends that helped out a lot, but in the end it seemed they had abandoned him when he faced an old witch.

Then like a bolt of lightning he felt the eerie calm that had manifested itself on the facility. It had been there since his arrival, but it was such a quiet thing he had not noticed it when he scared the E.A.T. officer. The calm felt like a scar of a sort, like it came and went and burned a whole when it was there but returned before it could heal.

In suddenness a banging on the door broke his trance.

"Alum, get in here Keith has something important!" the voice sounded mellow, but he couldn't tell who it was.

He stepped out to see everyone who had been missing upon his arrival, Kyler, Grant, Christian, Andrew, and even Cody.

Andrew came up and bear hugged Alum so hard his eyes almost came out, "HEY!! Little buddy you came back!"

"Please… let… go…"

"Oh right sorry."

Christian glared at Alum in a happy but mellow tone; Alum could never read that guy, he just assumed he was saying hello.

Cody tugged at Alum's headband, "Alum why do you have the blue beads?"

"Well they're ceremonial, you do know we are all Nutainians?"

Cody shrugged, "What's a Nutainian?"

Alum thought a moment. "A Nutainian is a race of people who were gifted powers by the Great Spirit long ago. Nutainians are the most hated by humans and that is why we have grown up here."

Kyler interrupted, "The humans also create monsters to kill us but we have grown strong to fight back, even with our connection to the flow of all living things cut off from us and our powers and weapons stripped from us, we are still stronger than any human."

Sasaki butted in, "Then they sell us as slaves and force us to be their toys and… and…"

"Sasaki forget what happened just think what we are to do now," Keith tried to comfort the girl.

"But it's a good thing I had come when I did. I can teach you all to reconnect to the ever flow of life. The best part is the gift I bring, but everyone needs to be here and Tyler… where's Tyler?"

Keith checked a scanner he fixed up, "Oh great! The slavers are here."

Chapter 4:

Chains of the Slavers

"What are the Slavers?" Alum asked naively.

"The slavers are the most despicable creatures on the planet! They are horrifying versions of the Rutravick people," Keith said in much fear.

"Our sister people? Why would they turn bad?"

"Simple! There is some sort of corruption that has infested itself in the world!"

Alum thought for a moment, "Let me go talk to them."

"Are you mad?!?"

"No I am not mad, but I may be able to persuade them to leave peacefully."

"But they'll kill you!" Lisa said without hesitation.

"You underestimate a Believer, but I must go alone. I don't want to risk losing any of you." Alum hesitated and went out the door.

In the slums Tyler slipped in and out of different houses trying to lose the three Rutravick slavers on his tail. The slimy, lizard-like creatures crawled across the walls with grace, not even letting their heavy gear slow them down. Tongues hissed and skin glistened like scales.

Tyler had no way of escape, they quickly took him down in a fierce tackle. He couldn't count how many they were but he guessed about twenty. Just as they started to raid what gear he had, a tall, slender figure showed up from the shadows. "He isn't the target, keep moving," the figure said as the lizard men creped back into the shadows of the dark.

"Target?" Tyler stood up in confusion, slavers are suppose to imprison people and use them for anything they see fit, but these slavers were acting like bounty hunters. Who would they be after and why?

Alum walked the cold, dead streets in search of his friend. He couldn't focus in this unusual calm that fogged the whole facility. He went to an alley to change into something that would help him blend into the fog and shadows. He took off the crimson tunic and put it into his side sack, and he took out a lighter, but much dingier looking hooded jacket that was tattered to help the colors blend. He darkened the buckskin pants with some ash he found. He also put ash on his face to mask his scent, Rutravick, hunter or not, have a better sense of smell than any other sentient. He also had a stealth generating amplifier on his belt, but that would just cause his heat level to rise and Rutravicks have thermal vision.

The dark rose into the sky and Alum repositioned his headband to cover his eyes. By doing this he used all his other senses to strip away all the metal from view and find the stealth Rutravicks that were hiding in the dark.

The Rutravicks were easily found and Alum was set in the fray. Their tongues flicked in and out and hissed a sound that would deafen a human. The tall figure reappeared under a street light. The figure gave out silent commands to attack. The Rutravicks quickly body slammed Alum.

He got right back up and slammed his fist into the scaly skin and shot the body off a little ways. With his eyes covered all he could see were the silhouettes of the hunters in a vast grey of metal and rock. The silhouettes glowed a distinction of colors, Red for evil, White for neutrality, Blue for good. These hunters were bright red and blazing through the dull grey as Alum was the contrast blue.

The hunters were unstoppable, they came at him, wave after wave.

"I don't want to fight you! You all are our sister people, I don't want to hurt you," Alum said as he pushed the scaly hunters away.

All the Rutravick did was hiss and come at him with more force. Their eyes twisted back and forth like a hunter, their breathing got louder to huffs and coughs, they needed water.

The lizard men darted off only to be blasted back with a wave of electricity.

Alum turned to the tall man, "You're starving them!"

The man did nothing.

Alum made a run for the man, "AHHHH!" His attempt was a failure, the Rutravicks brought him down.

The man smirked as he saw Alum struggle to get free. Then he raised a hand and the Rutravicks looked up, "Don't kill him the master wants to interrogate him."

Those words sent fear down Alum's spine. Every part of it even down to the man's accent. As he saw the man walk into a closer view, Alum saw the man's face. It was covered in scarring, but the scars seemed to be a different cause rather than by blade or bullet, it seemed like a possession or corruption of some sort. He had seen much of this corruption during his time with the Believers. The Believers said that this corruption is the work of evil forces on the return, and that **twelve** warriors would rise to fight it again. As Alum remembers, the protectors seemed anxious to find and train these twelve they had spoken about.

Alum got out of his memories and forced out an enormous amount of energy, that drew up the earth to be used to his own manipulation. He used the earth to slam away the Rutravicks and spring him to his feet.

The man pulled out an electro staff and jabbed the Rutravick leader, "Get him you fools! We can't afford to loose him a second time!"

Alum then let the earth settle back down to the ground. Only a moment after did he pull out a long but narrow tube and flipped a switch, an amazing flow of light came out of the lens of the tube. As that happened the Rutravicks ran off with their tails between their legs and ignoring the shock staff.

"I guess if you want something done right, you have to do it yourself!" the man said angrily.

Alum stood at a stance holding the viridian glowing blade up next to his head. His eyes turned from a soft green to a bright red. His face turned pale and he knew it was going to be him or the man.

The man charged at him with the staff like a spear, he yelled like a banshee.

All Alum just made a clean swipe across the center of the man and cut him in two.

Chapter 5:

Preparation of Oblivion

Once Alum was finished with the fight he spent no time finding his way back to the hideout, but got lost twice and had to double back a few times and retrace his steps. When he got back it was dawn and everyone was asleep again, except for Lisa and Keith who reviewed the battle strategies and monitored the wave device that was strapped to a small generator.

Keith got up as soon as Lisa started to dose off, "Hey man where have you been?" he said in a whisper. "We'd all thought you've been toasted or worse, sold to slavery."

"Don't get too riled up, I took care of the Bounty hunters. Now do you want to hear the whole story or not?" Alum replied looking around.

"Fine what is the whole story?"

"Come up to the roof I don't want to wake anyone up," he paused, "you might yell at me."

Once the two got on the roof, Alum showed Keith the Believer saber and told him about what he learned those long six years. He told of how he had become a bounty hunter and how he joined some pirates, then the Believers. He told of how he went to far off lands and was taght his elemental abilities. Then he handed Keith a purple glowing orb, " _Feel the darkest darkness, and the faintest of shadows, the answer will come to you._ "

After wards the two went back down to the basement to find their resistance communications array. Keith told how it was broken and no one knew how to fix it.

Alum didn't mind helping but it was a good thing for him as well. Alum needed to contact one of the resistance's medical physicians, Mara Trey, a Nutainian who was an expert in the fields of warfare and medical science.

"Can you fix it?"

"Does a Timeless have a shell?"

Keith looked confused.

"Yeah I can fix it, and I'll tell you what a Timeless is when we go to Altoho City in the south."

Alum didn't have to do much to get the thing up and running, the antenna was put to the wrong direction, "I can't believe you missed that?"

"Well the… uh… E.A.T. had us pinned and…"

"Forget it, I need to contact someone."

He tried the transmitter and he reached HQ East.

"This is a secure channel what is the meaning of this?" a voice on the radio said.

"This is Vanguard Unknown, I would like to speak to the chief of the lab."

"Sir Vanguard?! We thought you were dead, I'll patch you through eminently."

A bit of static hit the radio and then a female voice spoke through, "Alum, I thought you died in the fire raid."

"Almost did, but I escaped and got to where you were helping me get to. Now I need a way out, are there any tunnels under Facility 342?"

"Of course, but those tunnels lead to the big fire fight going on in Daveral Under City."

"I'll take my chances."

About as soon as the radio went off Lisa came walking down the stairs.

"What? What is it?" Alum asked without turning.

"Who was that you were talking to?" Lisa asked in a disturbed voice.

"One of the Commanders of the resistance, she helped me get here," Alum turned and faced Lisa.

Keith stood to the side and went to monitor a screen.

"I thought you had gotten mad at Keith for joining the resistance, and here you are calling then and saying you've worked with them," she said with a smug tone.

"Officially, I have no prior association with the resistance; unofficially, I was a special ops Believer sent on an assignment to find and aid in any activities against the Worship control over Adite, and that is how I found the resistance and know them enough to get a few favors from a commanding officer," Alum said leaving no hesitation.

Lisa thought a moment.

Alum interrupted, "And every time I came to Adite I hacked the servers and found any way to keep you all together, don't think the resistance had anything to do with it."

Lisa stood with her mouth open trying to form words but couldn't.

Alum walked past her and up the stairs to the kitchen.

A few minutes after Keith went to Lisa, "Do you know what this is?"

She looked at the orb the boy held out, "Alum gave me one just like it, but a different color."

"Odd it's like he's preparing something."

"If only we could get in his head…" Lisa said and went to thinking.

"None of us have anything to do that."

"We could make one," she reached for a book that laid on the top shelf in the basement. She held it out on a page with a mask, "There, we could make one, it could read his mind."

"I'll get Andrew to work is magic on it, you collect the ingredients."

Given about an hour, they got the mask made and ready. It had one eye at the top and it got narrower to a point as it got to the mouth.

Keith snuck up behind Alum with it, but first tried it on Cody, "Uhhh… what do I do? what do I do? I can't let anyone know I wet myself," Keith made a disgusted face and moved to Alum.

"How much longer until blood moon? The wait is killing me. We have to get out before the solstice, but the only way to do the ritual is on the night of blood moon." Keith looked confused, hearing his friend's thoughts made his head race and he didn't notice Alum in front of him.

"What are you doing with that mask?"

"Lisa tricked me into wearing it! It is, was ,uh, a joke!" his face and voice showed all the signs of guilt.

"Wait until blood moon, then I'll say. Not even reading my mind will reveal the answer."

Chapter 6:

Half Moon

Kyler and Grant were the closest of buds in the group. Sure Keith and Sasaki were going steady, and Kyler and Mako made a great relationship, but these two had known each other the longest, and no one else had a closer friendship. The two got in and out of trouble for so many reasons they might as well have a price on their heads. They only knew Alum for so long, and before he left he was a different person.

Grant looked at Alum in a sort of daze. He noticed something off about him, before he was a shy little kid who got upset for a lot of things, but then one day he got up more confident then ever and said to everyone, "I don't know how long I'll be gone," in the memory Alum looked away an back, "but I promise I won't forget all of you and I'll come back to save all of you. Don't follow me right now, and when I'm gone don't do anything stupid." Of course they all broke that rule, "I promise…" then he put on a hood and jumped out the window.

That memory still holds close in his head, and maybe in everyone's head. Grant got up and ran to look for Kyler. When he found him, Kyler was talking to Mako.

"So I told him just what's for, you know," Kyler told Mako as he did a few storytelling gestures.

Mako giggled, "Kyler, you and Grant must be best friends to go off on wacky adventures like that! Oh there's Grant. Hi Grant!"

"What's up?" asked Grant in a curious manner.

"Kyler was just telling me how you and him took down a slaver with just your hands!"

"Did he now? Well to be honest, I took down the dirty bastard, Kyler just stood to the side."

"Hey!" Kyler outburst.

"What? You didn't do anything. Anyway, did anyone of you notice that Alum's different?"

"Yeah, I did. He seems more calm and more focused than he did before when we were kids," Kyler added.

"Well, boys, it has been six years. A person can change in that time, we all did," Mako said in a know-it-all fashion, "But he seems more like an echo of the day he left."

"I left for my own reasons!" a voice rang out.

"Alum?" the three said at once.

"Jinx! You two owe me a drink!" Mako said in a playful manner.

"Yeah, do you want to know it all or should I just pass by to get to the roof?" Alum asked in a rude manner.

"Fine! Then why? Why did you leave us all to this prison, and you broke free?" Kyler asked in a ruder tone.

Alum threw three orbs that each one caught. Kyler caught one that had a glow of the moon, it was half full. Mako had one that looked like electricity ran through it. Grant got one that glowed of pure light. Alum stepped forward, " _Look to the moon the answer lies there; listen to the thunder of the machines, it is your calling; let light shine your way and you life to follow it._ "

The three's minds were filled with confusion, yet an understanding.

Alum stated, "Wait for blood moon, I'll say then."

Soon it was like Alum never stood in front of them. Their minds burned a sound? No. A feeling? No. A power? They couldn't make it out, it felt like so many things at once.

Mako looked at the two boys, "Ok, Alum is definitely screwed up."

Kyler looked at Mako, "You said it."

Grant concluded, "But it felt like he did something to us, I don't know what but I've never felt more alive."

Mako did a back flip, "Yeah! I fell loads better too."

Kyler stayed silent and looked around for Alum. He was nowhere in sight, he wasn't even on the roof.

Over in a small room Sasaki sat staring at the moon. She stared with an intent of a sort.

Alum walked over, "What happened to you these past few years?"

Sasaki was startled away from her trance, "Why do you want to know?" she said it in an angry tone, she obviously didn't want to tell him what he wanted to know.

Alum acted persistent, "Well if you don't tell me, I can't help you."

"You'd just go ask Keith, he'll tell you everything," it was obviously a bad memory.

"Then take this, you can tell me when you're ready. I could just remove that sore memory from your head, but you don't want me to," he said as he put a windy looking orb on the pillow next to her.

"What is it?" she asked before he left.

" _Listen to the wind, it gives you what you need to know."_ he said in a soft manner.

She looked at the orb and back, he was gone. Her face lit up at the thought of removing the horrible memory of the slavers abusing her. She still has the scars on her back and legs.

Cody paced himself. He couldn't get it through his head what was going on. Everyone had always been so secretive about things because he was the youngest of them.

Alum found him reading a small novel, "What's up, little man?"

"I can't figure it out, why did everyone hide things from me?" the small boy asked with puppy dog eyes.

"Well, I won't hide this secret from you," Alum said handing him a grayish, cloudy orb.

"What?"

" _Don't question time, you've got it to an unlimited amount."_

Cody understood it a bit. He thought Alum was saying he would be just a little kid, but it was deeper than that. He looked up to see Alum had walked off, so he went back to his book.

Emily was looking for Alum. She had heard that he was giving stuff to everyone and she wanted her share of it. It confused her though, why would he give them orbs? Mako, Grant, and Kyler all said he had changed from way back when; Sasaki said he was just getting on her nerves, Keith didn't say a thing, he was hiding something; Lisa said she sort of liked how he is now, she said he was more confident than ever; Cody strangely enough said Alum understood him. She was also wandering why he left a riddle with each orb.

"You know, if you look for something, you'll never find it."

Emily jumped and looked behind and it was Alum.

"What are you some kind of jackrabbit?" he asked in a playful manner.

She got a bit red from being startled, "I am not a jackrabbit! Now why have you been giving everyone orbs and leaving riddles?!"

"Can't say, I don't even know why I'm doing it," he said persuasively.

"Wha- bu-" she sort of stuttered a bit.

"Just kidding, I'll explain everything during the night of blood moon."

Emily was confused, "The eclipse? Why?"

"Eclipses, solstices, and equinoxes are peaks of spiritual energy and power," he explained calmly, "blood moon is especially a once in a hundred years thing, but eclipses come every once and a while. Blood moon is when the spirits of the dark come to flood the moon and make it blood red, not just a plain red."

"I think I understand…"

"Also here's yours," he tossed an orb that looked like a flowing river.

"It's beautiful…"

" _Let the water carry you and your destiny will be clear."_ he said with such passion and disappeared.

Emily looked around a bit confused. Where he went was as big a riddle he left her.

Chapter 7:

The Cavern

Keith rounded everyone up and got Alum to come to him, "Alright man, we're all set and ready to go."

"You talk with everyone?" Alum asked.

"Yeah, but you might want to double check," Keith said with an uncertainty.

Alum went to Tyler, "You're not ready."

"Of course I am! I was the first one ready," he proclaimed.

"Not until you've got this," Alum handed Tyler an orb that glowed with the ferocity of flames.

"It feels like power…" he tried to make more but couldn't.

" _Let the fire down, it is not power, it is joy,"_ Alum said with ferocity hidden under a calm.

Alum then went to Christian and Andrew, "You aren't ready…"

Andrew stopped Alum, "Of course not. You haven't given us our orbs."

Alum smirked and Christian glared, "Why are you looking at me like that?"

Christian stated, "I feel like I should remember you but I can't, but that's no problem I've got long term memory loss."

"Oh, hope you don't forget again," Alum said with a smile and handed them their orbs.

Andrew's looked cold and in a dead sort of way, "It feels empty, like there's a n echo in it."

" _Let you walk among the living and dead, but do not fear either, instead you control them,"_ Alum said with a calm echoed voice.

Christian's looked like the sun when the grey dense clouds didn't fill the sky. He merely stared at it.

" _Be bright and full, like the sun, and your path will be like a clear sky."_ Alum said with a joyful voice.

Now Alum went to the center, "Does anyone else need anything more?" he yelled.

Everyone mumbled a bit but no response came.

"Stand back," he said as he got into a pose. Once in the pose he did a series of movements and thrust his hand down. When is hand went down the rock crumbled and collapsed , then he did another quick move and the rock turned into a cavern. "Everyone in."

As soon as everyone started to get in, E.A.T. started to storm the building. The soldiers clad in armor carried submachine guns.

"STOP NOW OR WE SHOOT," one of the troops yelled.

Alum openly defied them and created a rock wall. "All of you get to the end of the tunnel, I'll hold them off!" he commanded as the wall was slowly being blasted away with the many rounds of bullets.

As soon as everyone was in the tunnel, Alum sealed it up and made the wall expand and ram into the troops. He had to get to the inner shrine over in Altoho City. The city wasn't far off, in fact it was out in the ocean just south of the facility.

The others down in the tunnel, franticly tried to see where they were going. The tunnel was so dark and clod no one could see a thing or get a fire started.

"Wait everyone, get out your orbs Alum gave you, it should be enough light to see the way," Keith said desperately trying to get everyone including himself calm.

Just then an echo came. It was a low and dull sound that roared about. It was the E.A.T. trying to get in the tunnel. They were using explosives and machines, but Alum sealed the entrance off with crystallites, they won't get through for a while. He also formed the cave with crystals coming out of the side. The tunnel resembled a mining cave.

"Come on everyone, the Exit's this way," Keith said as he silently thanked Alum in his mind.

Back on the surface, Alum was racing to the wall of the facility. The entire area was floating out in sea with only a large rock formation as a base.

When he got to the wall, it was bigger than he expected, "Crap!" he said at the sight, "They made it bigger since I left!"

"STOP NOW!" a troop said as he shot a rocket at Alum.

Alum saw it and dodged. When he dodged, the rocket blew a hole in the wall, "Thanks, that's just what I needed!" he said cheerfully to the stupid trooper.

When Alum escaped, the trooper's commanding officer came up to him and said, "Corporal! Next time I see you it had best be in the washroom cleaning the toilets, you can't shoot a barn door!"

The troop broke out in a cry.

Underground, the group was tiered and stricken fatigue. The tunnel glowed bright with the orbs tied to everyone's necks like necklaces.

Sasaki went up to Keith, "I'm tiered, Keith, can't we rest?"

"We can't, I'm sorry, but Alum said we had to get to the destination before blood moon, and that's tomorrow night," he said with sincerity.

"Fine, but can't we just take a break? This path Alum gave us isn't really the funnest walk we've had," she said trying the puppy dog eyes trick.

" _Just deal with it a bit,"_ a voice said from the rock she had around her neck.

Keith lifted up her necklace, "Alum?"

" _Who else? These orbs are more than beautiful, they are used as ancient radios. They also have one more ability but I will, and can only show you at Altoho Shrine during Blood Moon."_

"That's neat," Lisa said in a cute voice.

"It's also helpful. Where are you Alum?" Keith asked.

" _I am exactly three hundred meters above you, well I might be a bit off,"_ he said through the stone.

"How are you away from all the troops?" Keith asked.

" _Well I'm in the ocean, perched on top of a rock. I just have a little ways to go to get to Altoho."_

"In the ocean how is that!?" Emily said with a brightened up face.

" _This part of the ocean isn't that deep, in ancient times Rutravicks would travel in the warm tunnels and burrow back to water so they could survive."_

"That's amazing," Emily said with a bit of joy.

" _But that's enough talk, I'll meet you all over at Altoho City."_ As he said that he jumped into the water and called upon the power of the fish and he grew gills and his legs became fins.

Keith told everyone it was time for a break so they could eat a bit of food and rest their feet. He felt a bit of relief from being away from what use to be his home. He could still hear the dull low sounds of sirens and machinery.

"Is something wrong?" Sasaki asked him.

"This is the first time we've ever felt free."

"I know, it feels like a relief," she said as she got up net to him. Her long hair rested on his chest and they both felt a sense of peace.

Chapter 8:

Altoho City, Blood Moon Rising

Alum reached Altoho City. It was in jurisdiction of T'willd, the southern country of the main land. He could still hear the roar of the cities over in Adite, the eastern country. For six years he was traveling and never looked back, until now. Four years ago he came to Altoho City as a Believer. All the Timeless who lived here seemed at peace back then. While he was there he rented out a cabana, for future notice. During his stay he had learned of the Twelve Ancient Warriors who fought off the evil that plagued the land. Also during his stay, he met a young Timeless girl named Kayalla. She was the youngest and the only one out of all of them to have any emotion what so ever. He wondered if she was still here.

"Good morning traveler and welcome to Altoho… Alum is that you?" a Timeless greeted him at shore.

Alum turned about to see a young timeless girl, she wore a shell on her head and her skin seemed a vibrant violet color, she also wore robes that covered most of her thin boney body, "Kayalla? Wow you've grown."

Kayalla exchanged light kissed on Alum's cheeks, due to her friendly culture, "It's so good to see you again, a lot better to see you than my five thousand year old mother."

Alum greeted her the same so he wouldn't make the mistake of dishonoring her culture again, "How is the old sea witch, anyway?"

"Alive, health, like all of us," she said in a smart mouth tone.

"I've got some friends arriving soon, via tunnel, but it will be a while," he stated trying to be as friendly as possible.

Kayalla chuckled, "These are the friends you left in the facility aren't they."

"Yeah, why else do you think I would come from a little north."

"Well you need to get cleaned up, those clothes are rancid to be around here," she said with a smirk.

"I will need to use that cabana now," he said looking into her glowing yellow eyes.

"Then come with me."

The two walked about Altoho City, it was a shining wonder. The city lit up during the day and the night was filled with the most peaceful lights that filled the towers. The Timeless seemed to scorn Alum's presence in the city, he didn't know why.

When they got to the cabana Kayalla gave Alum some grey robes, "These suit you a lot better, you did wear some like this before did you not?"

"Thank you Kayalla, and yes I did wear grey robes, just not as light as these. Please don't throw out my other clothes," he said with a little chuckle.

Alum donned the robes, they were almost like wearing nothing in compared to the weight. They were long and only had two layers to it, the robes were also a dull grey color, it didn't shine at all.

Alum and Kayalla toured the city, they watched the vibrant glows of the lights down by the sea and the glimpse of the stars. By the end of it, they were both at the temple where the Ancient Warriors stood. Kayalla never saw the warriors, she was to young.

Alum looked at Kayalla, "Can you go and greet my friends and bring them here?"

"Of course Alum," she said in a low ton then disappeared in the dark of the hall.

" _All is calm, the peace of the world, the element of earth,"_ He said in a low voice. _"Earth is the first to be the one infused with all power, every element. Earth is living and dead, it gets energy from the sun and moon, fire walks on it just the same as wind and water, darkness takes a hold on it just the same as light, space is everywhere and all around it, it looms in time and is refined into technology. All becomes one in the event, earth is the catalyst of it all,"_ he read the inscription on a tablet on the wall.

In the tunnel, Keith and the rest of them were just coming to the end of the tunnel, they saw some lights and were amazed at the entire city. They saw the shine of the moon in full view and saw the stars for the first time, it's beauty captivated them.

"Welcome to Altoho City," a young girl's voice broke their trance to the beauty, "I am Kayalla, you must be Alum's friends."

Keith stood to the point of talking, "Yes, we are. Where is he?"

Kayalla giggled, "He sent me to get you all and bring you to the sacred temple, but you can't go in there with rags like that."

Everyone looked at their filthy clothes. Sasaki pointed out, "I thought I washed these yesterday? They were clean."

Kayalla chuckled a bit, "Well you did come from the facility, over there the air is just enough to get your clothes filthy. Come, I'll take you to Alum's cabana he rented for all of you."

"Alum rented a cabana?" Lisa mumbled.

At the cabana, Kayalla gave everyone robes that sort of matched their personality, then she told them she would get their clothes fixed up and cleaned. Once ready she lead them to the sacred temple.

"The temple… it's… it's… huge!" Cody said in a fearful manner.

"Why yes it is, didn't you see it before? It's the largest building in the city. Alum is at the top floor and there is no elevator." Kayalla said with a bit of laughter.

"Great more walking," Andrew had said it, but everyone was thinking it.

Once everyone got to the top they were tired and gasping for breath. They saw Alum sitting in a meditative trance. They heard a chanting sound that echoed the room, then a low murmur of words. It was Alum, he was murmuring the words on the tablet in front of him.

Keith started for his friend, but Kayalla stopped him, "It's bad luck to break someone's meditation, but don't worry he's almost done." She said it in such a low whisper it didn't make an echo.

"What's he saying?" Lisa asked in a voice as low as the last.

"He is praying to the spirits to see if the legends are true, and he wants the spirits to consult with him," she tried to explain but she couldn't hear much.

" _Spirits I need your knowledge, speak in your voice and tell me what I am, who we are."_ Alum muttered to the tablet.

A low hum filled the air, then it faded, but it echoed the halls.

Alum got up, "Come we have some catching up to do."

The eleven kids saw he directed it to them, so they came without hesitation.

"Place the stones on the pedestals," he commanded without moving. They followed his voice as the roof opened to Blood Moon. "Now my friend sit next to the pedestals and concentrate."

They felt a sense of power surge them a bit.

" _Elements here my commands, Great Spirit here my request,"_ he said in a praying stance, _"Gift my comrades with the power they deserve, the power they are destined with. Open their eyes to you and gift them with the power you gifted me. Let us be united, let us be one, let us be whole."_

As his words ushered in the moon began to rain the blood it carried and each drop flooded the hearts and souls of the friends. Kayalla kindly stepped away back into the stairs.

" _Powers imbue by elements, Earth, Infinity, Dark, Light, Lunar, Cyber, Wind, Millennium, Water, Fire, Solar, Undead."_ as he spoke the elements, different colored beams of energy embodied the twelve in the order Alum gave the orbs. _"The Great Spirit has made Earth the catalyst of the new age, the bringer of a cure for the corruption that infest the world, We are_ _ **THE TWELVE PROTECTORS!**_ _"_

Once he had finished, the energy faded and took root in the children's bodies.

"This power, it's so amazing!" Tyler said as he generated fire without a problem.

"Thank the spirits! I feel all powerful!" Andrew yelled as he commanded Kyler to dance about.

"Glad to see you all feel better, but now I have a favor to ask you all," Alum said with a sense of relief.

"What is it Alum? Just ask," Keith said while smiling.

"Now this is everyone's choice, you don't have to do it, but I would like us to form a team to stop this disease of corruption from spreading further into the world. We have the power of the ancient warriors, and they are our ancestors, we owe it to them for letting us live to fight another day," Alum said with all his ability to encourage.

"Alum, we don't even know how to use these powers, how could we…" Keith said without finishing.

"We do something the ancient warriors didn't do until the end, we use unity!"

Sasaki came out, "Unity won't do much good against large weaponry and machinery."

"It may not but we as friends have a bond that can overcome all obstacles."

Tyler came up, "He's right, we have the power, we just need to know how to use it, we could free everyone in the east and end the war!"

Grant intervened, "We go in that war we would all die! Ever think of that?"

"Grant it's not about us, it's about doing the right thing," Alum said with a serious face.

"Alum's right, we do the right thing we could make the world a new place of peace," Christian said out of the blue.

"It's all your choice, I can't force you to do this," Alum said as he walked off to the stairs. "You all have been to the cabana, come there to tell me your answer."

Chapter 9:

The Twelve Protectors

"We can't just abandon Alum!"

"Yes we can, we have no business fighting the E.A.T." Keith told Lisa in an angry way.

"Think of all the people we would leave behind, think of the torture that would be brought down on them!" Lisa tried to calm him down and make him agree.

"Think of how Alum left us! He left us, and had a big great time running around playing hero!"

"He came back," she said with a serious face.

"And I never forgot," Alum said coming from the shadows of the meditation room.

"That's right, you came back, even, even after we all thought you had abandoned us," Keith said with a sigh. "I guess, I guess I'll join you."

"That's good to hear, my old friend."

"Just don't be the center of attention," Keith said with a smile.

A while later Alum went up to Keith, "The others?"

"They'll join, what are we?"

"From this point on… we are the take the roles of the twelve ancient warriors, the difference is we now have unity and that makes us stronger."

"The Twelve Protectors, sounds dramatic."

"The masters told me that to have peace, people need to be rallied by a leader. The ancient texts say the Wolf Clan Spirit Warrior must lead the others."

"Wolf Clan? Spirit Warrior? Who's that?"

"My blood line is Wolf Clan, I even have the mark of the wolf to prove it," he pointed at an upside down tear shape scar that curved to a hook at the bottom and got flat at the top with a line above it. "I'm also a Spirit Warrior," he transformed his arm so that it grew lots of hair and claws.

"Then you're suppose to be the leader. Ha. I never would have guessed it to be."

"Neither do I, but it also said that the Dark is the right hand and Infinity is the left."

"So me and Lisa are you're closest friends?"

"The texts don't lie, you two are my best friends."

"Hnn."

Off across the world a group gathered, "Mora report your finds."

"Sir Obidia, I come with news. The Unknown has been found, he is at Altoho City, and you won't like the other thing," a dark emanating girl said in fear.

"The other thing is something I might kill you for telling me…" the dark voice said.

"Please kill me, I cannot bear anymore," the girl pleaded.

The dark voice midget came from the shadows and picked the girl up with a telepathic grip around her neck, "I will not kill you girl! You are the only seer I can find, you are more valuable than gold," he released her and went up and stroked her hair with his rotten skin.

"The… the unknown child has become… *COUGH*… one with the spirit of the ancient warrior, sir Aradius!" she said while being discussed by the rotted flesh touching her.

"Aradius! I should have destroyed his soul when I had the chance in my past life! But this will prove interesting, I am only up against one child with a little bit of elemental power." He said with smugness and anger.

"That's not all my lord, he has the mask as well and he is natural gifted in the Event Horizon abilities. Also there are eleven others I sense now, the other elements reside in them!" she said in more fear of the twelve children than to the short evil that stood in front of her.

"That… that is not possible… send, send a squad to deal with them."

Back in Altoho City Lisa and Kayalla walked the markets of the city.

"Kayalla, why do you wear a shell on your head?" she asked curiously.

"It is custom, all Timeless wear a shell."

"How come your skin is a dark, dark blue?"

"I'm a different race, I'm from a different planet."

"Different planet!?"

"Actually my ancestors are, I was born here."

"How old are you?"

"I'm the youngest of all timeless that live on the planet, I'm about twenty two years old, my mother is about five or fifty thousand, I loose track a lot."

"Ok, I'm sensing a pattern here. How well did you know Alum?"

"Alum? I only knew him for half a year when the E.A.T. tried invading the city, him and the other believers were in the heat of battle when I met him."

"What happen?"

Kayalla put her hand to her head to try to remember, "It was early winter, the E.A.T. tried everything and they were about to succeed until a small command boat arrived onto shores, the men of the city readied for battle, but they stopped. They recognized the symbol the Believers wore as their battle crest, a cross. I saw one boy out of the rest who formed a battle plan and told everyone their posts. He had the hardened sense of a man but he was just a young boy."

"That's definitely different than the Alum I knew back in the day."

"Well after he set up the battle plan, he took up point and lead the believers under his wing to take down the battle ships. I think the names of the Believers were: Lena, Geordi, Breanna, Patterfamillia, Brandon, Shatia, and Christine. Most of them were Spirits, I think one was a Vampire and another was a Shape Changer and another was a half blood demon, the rest were Nutainian."

"What are Spirits?"

"Spirits are formed when the ghost of a Nutainian enters and recreates the body of an animal. Spirits often have animal characteristics like ears, tails, and sometimes their abilities. If I'm right, Alum is a Spirit Warrior."

"Is that why Alum fights with animal abilities?"

"Exactly, now where was I… oh right. They took down the flagship no problem and then they went off to take down the other ten ships. As the ships got closer a Timeless young warrior got cocky and left the guard post where me and my family hid. It took about an hour but the E.A.T. troops came ashore and an epic battle came to weigh. Some troops found the place me and my family hid and they aimed their guns at us. I closed my eyes hoping it would all end. When I opened them I saw Alum standing in the door with an E.A.T. assault rifle protecting us. I can still remember the words he said, 'Keep low, don't move, they won't get their hands on you.' I think I felt something then but I blacked out when the crumbling building fell on all of us."

"That sounds so, so tragic. What happened next?"

"When I came to, I saw his face he had pulled us out of the rubble and the battle was over, our side had won. He and I became friends during the quarantine and I offered him a cabana rent, he took up the offer and said that he'll find a use for it later."

"What exactly are the Believers?" Lisa asked as she bit her fingernail.

"The Believes are the symbol of good, they fight only to protect and my mother said that the reason I have emotions and grow faster and mature faster is because she fell in love with a Believer Human."

"Why is that a bad thing?" she asked with a bit of curiosity.

"Most factions of the Believers forbid marriage or any emotion, Alum was from the same faction that had those rules. He claimed he broke them all the times and that he couldn't wait to save his friends, you especially," she said saddened.

"He said me? Out of everyone else, me?" Lisa was baffled.

"He said his mind was broken, he said a witch did it to him, he said he forgot completely and became a slave to her demands and he was manipulated to her will. I think he was talking about Master Rei'kea, a historian for both the Believers and Worshipers."

Lisa gasped and tried to talk but couldn't make words.

"This talk has left my head sore, let us go back to the cabana."

Cody walked the shore of the island and he saw a couple of Timeless women standing about. He was curious as to why there were only women in the city, or if there were men where were they? As he loomed a bit closer to hear their conversation, one of them noticed him, "Ooh! It's one of the little heroes that have come to save the world."

Cody acted confused. He had rejected Alum's offer to join up, he thought he was too young.

"This one's so cute! I think he's only ten, little boy how old are you?"

Cody looked startled, "I'm eleven."

One of the two dark blue skinned women grabbed his cheeks, "Oh I just want to eat you up!"

Now he had a scared look on his face.

"He's lucky, to have all that power over time in such a young body. Now I remember Dezar, he was the dreamiest of all the Ancient Warriors. He was always so noble and kind, his old age didn't matter his power was amazing."

Cody started to think, Millennium means time in the elements, time is the most powerful element. "Sorry ladies I have to do something," he ran off to the cabana to tell Alum he decided to tag along.

Alum sat about the cabana, he was thinking again. He wondered if Master Rei'kea was still alive in a way, she spoke of cheating death in a way. She spoke of a lot of things that weren't true and all he had to do was forget.

He saw Lisa and Kayalla come in. He spoke in a low manner so as not to wake the others, "How was your night out?"

"Well it was nothing but a walk down memory lane," Kayalla laughed.

"Alum, I know there's more to the past than you told me or anyone else," Lisa said with a stern look fixed on Alum.

He stared back into her pale blue eyes, "Kayalla, you've helped out enough, go get some rest."

She knew this was a private manner so she left for her home.

"Alum, what happened while you were gone?"

"I forgot, I forgot everyone. I regret it and hoped I would remember everything but all I can remember was who you all were and where we lived," he put his hand to his head.

Lisa walked over to sit beside him, "I could tell you all the memories you should have, and you could tell me the memories of those six years."

"A bit at a time, I, it's a long story."

"We're both sixteen, I think our life could use a bit of remembering," she said with a serious look.

"I'll tell on the journey; get some rest, we make for the Believer's temple tomorrow."

"Why tomorrow?"

"If I stay in one place for to long, they will find us."

"They who? Alum, who are they!?"

He shook his head and walked off to his room.

Chapter 10:

The Temple

Alum lead the long walk to the temple through the caves.

"Why!? Why do we need to do more walking in these cold caves?!" Cody yelped as a snake passed his boot.

"It's quicker!" Alum shouted quietly, "Keep your voices down, the cave might collapse."

It took up half a day to make it to the Believers' entrance to the east gate. The gate had been barred in the disbandment and only a few Believers knew the way in, Alum was lucky to have gotten the info.

"Stand back," he said while gesturing to his comrades. He gave a quick thrust of his arm and jumped up to slam his hand on the ground. He stood to the pose and the switch to open the gate was by doing the pose that he did.

The doors slowly opened but only by a little bit. The group ran inside to see the inside of the mountain. The whole temple was just a bunch of mystic caves with a large structure in the middle of the four nations: Adite, the eastern country; T'willd, the southern country; Kralla, the northern country; Dentis, the western country. The temple even had tunnel systems that spread to far away lands.

"Well here we are, Believers' East Outpost," Alum spoke a bit satisfied with himself.

"Now what, Alum?" Keith asked with a bit of disturbance in his voice.

"Well now that we are fully realized protectors, we need to be armed."

"All you had to do was ask Grant and me to make some weapons," Kyler said with a bit of anger.

"These weapons, are artifacts used by the Ancient Warriors. The Believers said that they held the weapons in the archives, I never found them but if we spilt up we all might find them."

"But what if there are things in here that could hurt us?" Cody asked in a naïve way.

"Well now that you put it that way… maybe I could scavenge a few Believe sabers like mine," Alum scratched his head.

A large bang echoed the room, "Well you best hurry up, I think we might be in for it!"

Alum searched a plastered cylinder for something, "I found some training sabers, they aren't as powerful as mine but they'll do the job," he through a few sabers to everyone. "Now split up, use the rocks as communicators."

Everyone made like a banana and split. They searched high and low for the artifacts.

Cody stumbled across a fridge and he searched for some fruit, when he turned around he saw a pair of glowing red eyes looking at him, "Yah!!!!"

" _Cody what's wrong?!"_ Alum asked over rock.

"It's big, black and has red eyes!!"

" _That all? I can't tell what animal it is that way, there are a lot of beasts with black skin and red eyes."_

"It also had fire coming from its mouth!"

" _I think it's a Larg. They are very dangerous, just try to run your weapon won't do anything against it's rock hard exoskeleton."_

Cody hoped it wouldn't get any closer and it just stopped. He tried to call someone via rock, but he only got silence. He looked around and he saw everything in grey scale. Everything had stopped, he stopped time. He took advantage of it and ran. Eventually the grey turned to color and he was exhausted.

In the catacombs of the temple, Keith searched with caution. He knew the dangers caves had, but had never faced them. He had read up on different cave dwelling creatures, including Largs, a variety of others roamed: Crybats, giant bat like creatures; Waverals, monstrously mutated wolves; Scarapters, prehistoric crabs; worst of all Corrupted, the mutated humans whose minds are broken and twisted to the will of demon lords.

He watched his back every step of the way. He eventually saw a dim glowing light in the distance. The neared he got to it the brighter the purple light got.

When he got to it, he saw that it was two swords protected by a dark barrier. In front of the purple barrier was a tablet, "The stone's beholder reveals a dark light." He felt baffled at the riddle.

Alum was in the Great Library, a place he hid from the rest the most. He remembers the knowledge from the many books, holovids, and chronicled memories. He searched the now empty halls that were once filled with scholars, Believer or not. The waters of the Great Fountain, him and the others would hang around, were still. The water that once flowed under the bridges were dried up. Even the animals that grazed in the fields of the sanctum garden were gone or dead.

As he walked, he noticed a door that he had never seen. It was a quaint door that stood out among the rest, it looked to normal. Other doors would be futuristic or even just more decorated. He peered through the door to be blinded by a green light.

In the room, actually more of a field, had a magnificently crafted sword guarded buy a green energy field. In front was a tablet with a riddle just like Keith had seen, "The stone's beholder reveals an earth of light." Alum thought he could figure it out but he ended up failing.

Near the water front, Emily was caught in a hunt that a few Scarapters were doing. Her weapon was useless against it so all she could do was run.

One caught her in it's big claws and she struggled to get free, "Let go you oversized freaks of nature!" She swung her arms around and she pulled water up from the pond. She used the water to slam into the beat and then she froze it in ice. "How do you like that jerk!" she gave a confident smile as she used the saber to cut through the ice and make it let go.

She kept up the fight until all three Scarapters were popsicles. Then she went into their cave to scavenge some stuff. A corpse lain in the cave. She gave a yelp but soon realized she could take what the corpse had on it. Emily found a fully powered Believe saber and a lazed rifle.

She also found a note that read, "This is my last stand, there are to many Scarapters and my legs are broken, I will take down as many as I can before I die as long as I can protect the artifact that lies deeper in the cave lake. Whoever finds this, do not think I was a coward, but please give this note to my wife Teala. I love her and died a Believe, Tell her I am sorry for abandoning her. Forever a servant of light, Callen Farwatcher."

The note made her shed a bit of a tear and then she saw on the back, an address where she could find Teala in T'willd. "Maybe I should give it to her, at least that would be the right thing to do. Right now I have to get the artifact."

The further into the cave was a bright blue light. The light was a sheild to protect the slim sword that floated above the chest deep water. A tablet rested at the shore of the lake, "The stone's beholder reveals a watery light."

"What sot of riddle is that?" she thought to herself.


End file.
