


Criminals Have Hearts

by 100Years



Category: Action
Genre: Crime, Romance
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2010-12-05
Updated: 2011-03-18
Packaged: 2018-08-27 17:59:07
Rating: T
Chapters: 2
Words: 570
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2870806/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/722989/100Years
Summary: A girl:Rori and a guy:Griffin meet through school. A school project actually, were they wind up pen pals. When they actually end up meeting face to face however, its in... prison?





	1. Chapter 1

Today started very normal, and ended very normal too.

I had just arrived at my high-school and the sky was blue and sunny. My friends had just came up to me and were chattering nonstop like usual. All was well.

However, in first period english, we started our pen pals project. Our teacher, Ms. Fergison, had started talking about it two weeks before, so we were all expecting it's approach.

We knew the rules of not giving out our address and phone number. Since the people we would be writing to are in a sister school somewhere near us, there was no reason to block our school or name. The way we chose our pen pals was not a choice.

We were each in the class given a name to write to,

and that was that.

Ms. Fergison would track our letters to each other, to make sure we aren't giving out personal information.

This was the beginning of my meeting with Griffin.

Pretty much the beginning of my life that I never knew I had.


	2. Chapter 2

The first letter I wrote to my new pen-pal pretty much consisted of " Hi! My name is Rori, and I will be doing my pen-pal project with you!". Not the most original!

However everyone else did the same thing, so it was all good.

About three weeks later everyone received they're pen-pals letters. Everyone except me.

At first I was heart broken for I have a secret sensitive side, but I quickly got over it as I thought that I might not have to do it if my partner didn't write back ever.

Later I was in the restroom with my three best friends Casey, Emily and Veronica.

We all have english together so they were blabbering about their new "friends".

" The way he writes is so hot, I mean its like perfect cursive!" Emily was boasting.

This guy is probably some nerd at the other school.

Emily is that bleach-blonde cheerleader with milky brown eyes that is always looking for hot guys to swap spit with.

I mean I love her to bits but thats the truth. Shes a slut.

" Emily, this guy is probably some weirdo at the other school! I've never heard of any hot guy with great handwriting." Veronica spoke my thoughts. Now Veronica is the hair-dyed-black lip ring goth girl. She's unusually hyper though, not what you'd expect when you first look at her.

"Baha agreed". Casey's laugh is like music. Everything she does is like music! Shes really that sandy brunette drummer girl in that world famous band kind of person. Also, she has the most beautiful green eyes that totally pull you in, and once your in you never get out.

"You guys are so stereotypical".

"So anyway, turns out mine is a girl. She writes A LOT, I bet she talks a lot to." Veronica sighed.

"How nice, Ron." Casey smiled at her.

I was busy re-applying my mascara with the mirror, making a weird face, when Emily asked about my own pen pal.

"They didn't write back. I don't really care anyway." I muttered, bitter.

"Well maybe they're just busy or something." Veronica ruffled my hair and smiled.

"Maybe they're in jail and they can't write back" Casey suggested. We all burst out laughing.


End file.
