


Deviants

by 15tygu79



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Sci-Fi
Language: English
Status: Completed
Published: 2014-03-14
Updated: 2014-03-14
Packaged: 2018-10-23 12:32:58
Rating: T
Chapters: 1
Words: 6,815
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/3187147/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/959844/15tygu79
Summary: The first female president of the United States along with two high school friends embark on World War Three for the glory of America.





	Deviants

Blackwood's log: October 5th ,2035 I sit in my apartment watching television, a beer in my hand and a buzz beginning to start. As the alcohol starting to get to me a ghostly vision quickly sobers me up. "Tonight on CBS news, a soldier in one of the oldest living regiments of the U.S. Army Rangers; Alex Walmer of the 81st Regiment. Walmer was on an assassination mission in North Korea. But he was captured and is in a P.O.W. camp as we speak. Madam President Fry states that without negotiating the quickest we can retrieve him is 6- 8 months." I couldn't believe what I had heard. Alex Walmer was my best friend in high school. And I couldn't just sit there while he be tortured for half a year. I got out of my chair took a 30 second sober pill and left my apartment. Blackwood's log: October 7th, 2035 I ordered a plane ticket to China. There I will take a ferry to South Korea and make my way to the border. But first I need supplies. I left my Apartment and drove to L.A. Outdoors. I walked in and my first reaction to the store was the great smell of new camping equipment. It smelled amazing, I walked to the back and greeted the cashier. "Hi, I need some... Equipment." The cashier smiled and said "Sure what'll you need?" I stared blankly at him and replied "Yeah not from you. I need to speak to Jack Smith." The cashier frown and replied "oh... He's in the basement." I walked to the basement where I found Jack. Another friend from high school. He saw me and welcomed my presence. "Hey Hector! What do yah need?" I smirked at the warm welcome. "Yeah... I need your help. Alex has been captured ." Jack replied with a frown "yeah I heard... You think your going to save him?" "Yes, we can't let him be tortured for 6 months. It's just wrong." I replied. Jack nodded in agreement. "So how can I help?" "I need a ballistic vest and a lot of guns." Jack brought back a smile. "Yeah... No have you been to Korea? It's extremely dangerous. You need more than that." I chuckled "what do you recommend?" Jack rubbed his hands together and got to work. "First of all a ballistic vest only stops bullets. You need a flak jacket to save you from grenades and other explosives. Also it's illegal for civilians to own flak jackets so I concealed the it in a trench coat. Check it out." Jack pulled out from a drawer a black leather trench coat. I told him "I like it, it goes with my hat." I said adjusting my black fedora. "Thanks I knew you'd like it." Jack then grabbed out two pocket pistols, a .357 magnum, chloroform , a few rags, ballistic vest, a pair of black gloves, and a ski mask. "This is all you will need." I thank him and headed back home. Blackwood's log: October 15th, 2035 I am on the plane to China. My nerves are beginning to get to me. I know I may die, but living safe in Los Angeles, while my friend is tortured. I know what I am about to do is right. Blackwood's log: October 20th, 2035 I am standing there at the Korean border. Suited up and ready to go I climb the fence and head into the woods. On my descent into the North Korean forest, I begin to here rustling in some bushes. I pull out one of my pocket pistols and aimed for the moving bushes, prepared to fire a red fox jumped out. I was still a little shooken up. I decided to start camp and then go further into my quest. Blackwood's log: October 21st, 2035 I headed farther into the woods. 1.8 clicks from my campsite, I found a small platoon of North Korean soldiers. Near a tent I saw a large tree with plenty of leaves to cover me. I sneaked over there and climbed the tree. I then waited for night fall. At 1500 hours All the soldiers were asleep. I found humor in the fact that there were no soldiers taking guard. I climbed down the tree and grabbed a rag and the chloroform from my jacket. I sneaked to the tent closest to me and began applying the chloroform. I was then ready to abduct my victim. I reached for the closest person near me and smothered his face in the chloroform. He panicked for a second and the fell back asleep. I dragged him a quarter of a mile away from the platoon and tied him to a nearby tree. He woke up an hour later in a panic. "Do you speak English?" I asked. The soldier said "yes." I pulled out a photo of Alex and asked "do you know where this man is kept?" He spat in my face and said "I tell you nothing!" I pulled out my .357 magnum and pistol whipped him. "Tell me!" I said at near shout. The soldiers nose broke and he began crying. "He's... In a prison 4.2 clicks West from here." I am not above killing a man, but I won't murder him. I instead pulled out my chloroform rag and knocked him out again. I then headed West for the prison. Three hours later I found the prison. It had hundreds of North Korean soldiers. I heard down the road a laundry truck coming in. So when it drove near me I climbed in and buried my self in the clothes. The truck drove into the prison and parked in a garage. Luckily they didn't inspect the truck and nightfall came. Blackwood's log: October 23rd, 2035 At 230 hours The guards have rotated and are probably tired. I climbed out of the truck. And heard loud screams of profanity. And it sounded of Alex's voice, knowing that cameras might be on me the minute I enter the prison I looked around for a fuse box. Fortunately there was one, but it only would cancel the power in the cell block I'm in. I took a deep death and pulled the leaved and broke the handle in half. The power went off and I could here shouts from everywhere. I ran down the nearby hallway until I heard another shout from Alex. I grabbed my .357 magnum and snuck into the room a Korean soldier was beating Alex. I pulled the hammer and fired a round into the chest. I looked at Alex's face, he had a black eye and a fat lip. He looked up and asked "who are you?" I didn't want him to know it was me so I lowered my voice a little and said "in good time." I searched the soldier's body and found a key to his shackles. I unlocked them and he fell to the ground. "Hey man we need to go." I said pulling him up. I put my arm around him and pulled him to the hallway. There were five Koreans, I pulled out my .357 magnum and head shot them. I heard more soldiers running towards us. I picked up speed and ran into the garage. I ran us up to the laundry truck and I put Alex in shotgun then I drove out of the building. Enemy jeeps drove at us. "Hey man where are the nearest american military base?" I asked him. Alex struggled to remain conscious. "6.4 clicks Southeast." I nodded in agreement and floored it to the Southeast. 5 minutes later we found a gate with american troops on the other side. Alex woke up and saw where we were going and ripped off his flag patch and held it out the window. The guards were aware of Alex's patch and began fire on the pursuing jeeps. As we drove up we finally passed the border. We were safe. Blackwood's log: October 25th, 2035 I sat at the base's prison. I refused to take my mask off, or speak to anyone. At around 1600 hours Alex fully healed walked to my jail cell. "So who might I thank for saving me?" He asked. I walked up to the bars and said "not here." After that I walked back to my bed. Alex was about to say something when an MP walked in. "Sirs we need you two to leave immediately." Said the MP. Alex asked "why? I just got out of the clinic." The MP said "the Commander in Chief would like to speak to you two." Alex looked back at me and nodded me over for release. Blackwood's log: October 31st, 2035 Me and Alex haven't said a word the entire plane ride to D.C. It seems ironic President Fry, Alex, and me all went to high school together and haven't seen each other since graduation. And now we're all gathering together. A VTOL dropped us at the White House gates. At the gates Madame President Kennedy Fry was there to greet us. We walked up and surrendered our weapons, then headed for the Oval Office. Madame Kennedy Fry is considered the second Abraham Lincoln. In the year 2025 thanks to Barrack Obama's legacy, the Republican Party died out. 9 years later she became both the first female president, but also the recreator of the Republican Party. In the Oval Office Kennedy said "Well... You two have made quite a stir in North Korea huh. Well Alex congratulations on not getting killed. But who's your savior?" Alex shrugged "He won't tell me." I blankly stared at both of them. Kennedy asked "Sir could you please remove your mask?" I replied "we need to go to a place with zero cameras or bugs. Do that and I will comply." Kennedy said "all right. That seems fair" she gestured us to a hidden door in the wall. Inside was a room with a table and 8 chairs. "Everyone have a seat. So now who are you?" I removed my hat, and took a deep breath. Then removed my mask. Alex and Kennedy stared and asked "so who are you." I was a little angry that they didn't remember me, but it had been 25 years. "It's me Hector Blackwood. From high school." They exchanged glances, and Alex asked "why did you save me?" I replied "I couldn't let you be tortured" I said glaring at Kennedy, "for 6- 8 months." Kennedy replied "Our policy is to never negotiate with terrorists. I'm sorry, but I have to follow the regulations. But listen Hector you caused an international incident. They don't know who you are, but they know you are American and we can't afford a war." I had a great idea "well we could still go to war. Me and Alex become your personal attack dogs. You use a small cavalry of each branch for large scale battles and me and Alex take care of the really important stuff. I just have one condition that no one knows who I am, just keep me as an alias." Kennedy pondered it, "well if we did then congress needs to sign off on it." Blackwood's log: November 5th, 2035 Kennedy proposed a bill called the Hero Act. We three stood on a stage built at the White House and Kennedy began a speech. "Greetings my fellow Americans, Congress has passed a bill named the Hero Act. This is inducting a position in the military held by these two individuals. Ranger Alex Walmer of the 81st regiment and..." Kennedy whispered to me "what's your code name?" I whispered back "Johann Hapsburg." "... Johann Hapsburg, the man who saved Alex Walmer here from his North Koran prison." As the crowd cheered for us Alex saluted them and Kennedy shook my hand. Blackwood's log: November 13th, 2035 Me, Alex, and Kennedy sat at the Oval Office discussing our first mission. "Ok guys due to Hector's international incident. The Third World War has started, so North Korea, Syria, China, and Russia have banded together. And yes we have a downsized military, but we have Germany, England, and France helping us. So here's the plan, the MSS has documents of hidden locations where nuclear weaponry is stored. Now this sounds more like a stealth mission, but you two have excellent strength towards killing of an entire building. So you two will be dropped from a jet and parachute to the top of the MSS main building in Beijing. Any question?" We shook our heads and left for China. Blackwood'a log: November 20th, 2035 Alex and I were 1.8 clicks above Chinese airspace. The building is in site. Alex looked over to me and asked "you ready Johann?" I nodded in agreement as we leaped into the sky. We plummeted to the Earth. Me and Alex were in sight of the MSS building, we deployed our parachutes and landed on the roof top. Alex pulled out his Remington 575 laser rife, and I pulled out both of my pocket pistols. I looked up and asked him "How do we escape when we get the nuke locations?" Alex replied "A Davy Crockett is being detonated 1.8 clicks from here. When cops go to the explosion everyone will be distracted enough for us to get to the 15th floor and retrieve the documents and come back here for an escape copter." A Davy Crocket is the smallest classified bomb created by the U.S. military, it has a blast radius of 100ft. We walked up to the door leading downstairs. Alex used the laser rifle to melt the door's hinges. We then began our descent to the 15th floor. Me and Alex crept down the stairs, until we heard the bomb. Many Chinese officers were heard running down the stairs to stop the Americans. Once the frenzy ended me and Alex headed down faster. We past 6 flights of stairs, where we found the 15th floor. I kicked down the door to find that there was still a lot of soldiers still in the building. Both us and them began fire, I took cover by hiding behind an upturned desk. I got up and fired two shots into the heads of shotgun armed guards. Once fire was aimed towards me Alex ran around the. And went open fire on their backs. After the guards were dead, we heard shuffling of footsteps coming up the stairs, and the sound of the elevator moving. Alex took to the stairs, and I to the elevator. The ding of the elevator signaled the soldiers arrival. The doors slide open and they saw me. I said "you know it's not safe to be in a moving elevator while under fire." I fired my pistol shots relentlessly. After the death of the soldiers I pressed the stop button in the elevator keeping it from more soldiers coming up it. I heard the last of the gun shots from the stairway. Alex ran up and said "we need to find the documents NOW!" I nodded in agreement and we searched the computers for them. Alex being the only one who knew Chinese found them and printed them off. He handed them to me and I stowed them in my jacket. "Let's get going." I said to him We then ran up the stairs back to the rooftop. The helicopter was already there so we climbed the ladder and flew off. The mission was completed. Blackwood's log: November 25th, 2035 Thanksgiving day Kennedy, Alex, and I are in the Oval Office discussing further plans. "Ok with the nuke locations we have Congress requests that you arm the nukes. If they go off in their locations it will cripple China, leaving Russia as the only super power against us. You two needed to do it stealthily though." I asked her "but what about the threat of nuclear warfare by Russia and North Korea? We can't destroy the world." Kennedy replied "that is understandable, but we have built uranium detecting Patriot missiles. That will stop any possible launches." I still didn't think it was a good idea, but me and Alex got into a plane and flew back to China. Blackwood's log: December 8th, 2035 The first stop was Tibet. Alex armed with his Internally Suppressed HK-417 and a Suppressed M1911, and I with my standard pistols we used GOS tracking to find the hidden base with the nukes. At 1700 hours We found a vault built into a large hill in a field. 2.1 clicks from the Tibetan city limits. As we walked up for the vault door Alex asked "how do you suppose we get in?" I looked at the hinges of the door and they were rusted from age. I asked "do you have a knife on you?" Alex said "Yup." And reached in his pocket grabbing a large hunting knife and handed me it. I took the knife and rammed it between the bolt and screw of the top hinge. I applied pressure downward causing the screw to break off. I did the same for the next four hinges. Alex opened the door and we walked in. The first part of the room was a long hallway leading to a door where we heard voices from the other side. I pulled out my .357 magnum and his HK-417. We walked slowly to the door, and stood on opposite sides. I reached for the door handle and pushed the door open. Immediately we busted in. There were only 3 armed guards, and 5 scientists. I shot one in the head and Alex drilled the other two. Chris turned on his wrist computer and video chatted Kennedy. "Madam President, the guards are dead only 5 scientists remain do we kill them? " She replied "No I have a SEAL team coming to your coordinates. They have a scientist there to activate the codes. I just needed you two to make sure the vault wasn't heavily guarded. Standby and wait for the SEALs, a chopper will be there for EVAC head back to Washington for further orders." Alex replied "Affirmative." Blackwood's log: December 21, 2035 There were 8 other vaults, but me and Alex were just probes to test their defenses. The SEALs armed the nukes and sealed the vaults shut. Back in the Oval Office the three of us were having another meeting. "Ok you two have done well this past month. But all actions have consequences, us three have a meeting with Kim Jung Un, and Yakov Rasputin at a neutral location in South Africa. On January 5th" Said Kennedy. I was concerned "why just us three, shouldn't there be support from any Rangers or SEALs?" Kennedy got up from her desk and walked away saying "that's what you guys are for." Blackwood's log: January 5th, 2036 We three flew to capital of South Africa and entered a room in the cities' convention center. In the room was Kim Jung Un, Yakov Rasputin, Prime Minister of England: John Moncrief, and two soldiers from each country. Rasputin started the meeting. "Madame President, the acts of terror, your... soldiers have done cant keep going on." Kennedy replied "I had my men do what was needed for the salvation of my country." "You Lie! This man..." Kim Jung Un pointed at me. "... he run into my Prison, he take soldier..." he pointed at Alex. "...I wait patiently for negotiations and trench coat scoop him out!" Kennedy making no expression said "The United States doesn't negotiate with terrorists." Prime Minister Moncreif stated "Now listen we all came here in good faith to settle this squabble." Rasputin said "yes, now you there Johann Hapsburg, why did you preform this vigilante act?" Kennedy nodded for me to reply. "He's my friend and fried rice here would be torturing him right now." I said. Kim Jung Un stood up about to fight me himself, but Rasputin held his hand saying something in Korean, it apparently calmed him down. "You sir should watch your mouth. Now Madame President, if you could simply disarm China's nukes we can leave and have no war." Said Rasputin Kennedy replied "China was never allowed to have any nukes in the first place. My SEALS and these two simply annexed them." "Yes, but all you need to do is take them back to the States and deactivate them." Said Rasputin. Kennedy said "Oh you would love that making America look bad by telling the world we are hoarding nuclear arms." Rasputin replied "well we could take them ourselves." Kennedy said "no they can't be touched by anyone other than America or the U.N." Rasputin's face grimaced. "Listen if you don't disarm China's nukes there will be war." Kennedy replied "your answer will be made in a week." Rasputin nodded and the four world leaders shook hands and we left. Blackwood's log: January 12th, 2036 In a secret meeting congresses passed a declaration of war and gave us permission to detonate every vault in China. In the Oval Office Kennedy opened a laptop and pressed the codes to detonate the bombs. Within a matter of seconds a small Earthquake ruptured for 10 minutes. "Well that happened" said Kennedy. China was now destroyed and WW3 had officially began. "What are your orders Kennedy?" Asked Alex. Kennedy replied "Russia isn't going to go easy on us. But we can't let a loose cannon like Kim Jung Un in this war. I command you two assassinate him. The job is simple, thanks to the nukes a level 9 earthquake hit North Korea. So all of North Korea is nothing, but rubble. Obviously though he has a secret bunker so you two and four Marines go and get him." We both said "yes ma'm" and left the White House. Blackwood's log: January 13th, 2036 We left immediately for North Korea, I was ready to go, but Alex looked nervous. I asked him "you ok man?" He looked up at me and shrugged. "I don't know, the mission I was on when you saved me. I was supposed to kill him and now I'm going back again." Alex said. "Listen we have back up and North Korea is probably a large group of ruins, we'll be fine." I replied. At 1300 hours we flew over North Korea for its capitol building. I was right, the country of North Korea was a wasteland. The island country was safe from the radiation, but the earthquake destroyed the entire country. The plane landed and we got into a jeep for the North Korean capitol building. At 1600 hours me, Alex, and the marines stepped foot at the Capitol building. It was in ruin, the entire right side of the building was demolished. "Let's move" I told them. We walked into the broken half of the building, towards the elevator. "What are we doing with the elevator? The power is dead." Said one of the marines. I replied "the bunker is clearly underground. If we pry open the doors and snapped the elevator cords we can slide down and land safely on the elevator." The marines pried the door open and Alex pulled out his KG9 and fired at the cables holding the elevator up causing it to snap. The elevator fell with a bang. One at a time we slide down the shaft and crawled through the top escape hole. Then we pried the doors open again then stepped out of he elevator revealing an underground cave leading to a large bunker carved into the ground. "Alex how do you propose we get in?" I asked. Alex looked at the marines, and asked "do you guys have any C4?" One of the marines reached in his backpack revealing 4 C4 sticky bombs. Alex said "that'll do." The marine put the explosives on the door. "Are you guys ready?" I pulled out my pocket pistols, Alex his; suppressed G36C rifle, and the marines their M-16's. The marine shouted "all right guys 5... 4... 3... 2... 1...!" The marine set off the explosion, blasting the door open. Instantly soldiers ran out fire machine guns. All four of us began firing. I shot lights attached to the bunker. Now it was insanely dark, the only light came from the interior of the bunker and the firing of our guns. One of the marines said "go we'll hold them off we have night vision goggles." Me and Alex snuck into the bunker. It resembled a giant penthouse suite, in the corner was two guards and Kim Jung Un. I pulled out my .357 magnum, and Alex his KG9. I shot the guard to the left, and Alex the guard to the right. Kim Jung Un cowered in the corner. Me and Alex simultaneously said "President Fry sends her regards." Then we fired multiple rounds into his body. Blackwood's log: January 17th, 2036 After the assassination me and Alex flew back to D.C. We were walking down the White House hallway and headed to the Oval Office. Upon entering the office we saw the mutilated body of Kennedy. Neither of us could say anything from shock. And someone behind us shouted "what have you done?!" We turned around to see a secret service agent trying to attack us. I took the first blow and held his arm in my armpit. Then I grabbed him by the neck and pelvis, lifting him up over my head. Alex opened the hidden meeting room and I threw the agent in. Alex then locked the door from the outside. "What happened?" Alex practically shouted at what remains of Kennedy and the agent attacking us. I was about to say something, but we heard sirens coming in from the outside. All I could get out was "RUN!" We sprinted out of the White House. Avoiding sniper fire from the rooftop. I thought we were doomed, but a familiar face drove up in a red '67 Ford Galaxy; Jack Smith. He activated the custom auto door openers. Opening both of the right passenger doors. Jack shouted "get in!" Alex took shotgun and I was running for the back seat, when an MP tackled me. I shouted "go without me!" As they drove off I began grapple with the MP. He threw a punch at me in the face, I ducked it and took a shot at his legs. Then I crawled up his body and stuck my thumb in his eye. My thumb dug threw his eye until he released his grip and grabbed his face. I began running for the nearest alleyway. But a sniper shot me with a taser bullet. It electrocuted me for 15 seconds, then I blacked out. Walmer's video diary: January 17th, 2036 Since of when Hector was incapacitated. I made this video to explain what happened. As me and Jack drove off I couldn't believe my eyes as the MPs attacked and tranquilized Hector. I turned to Jack and said "thank you, how did you get here in time?" Jack maneuvered around chasing cop cars and replied "ever since you and Hector became the President's bounty hunters I moved here, since I sold him the equipment he carries. I also know you two didn't kill Kennedy. I have connections to Nigerian intelligence agencies. They heard that Yakov Rasputin was planning on kidnapping her. The body you found must have been a corpse given plastic surgery." "So where are we going?" I asked. Jack sped up onto the United States national airport. "I have a guy who will fly us to France." I replied "why France?" "France is the only country allied with the United States that will shelter terrorists." Said Jack. I couldn't believe that me and Hector were terrorists against the very country we fought for. Jack sped up towards a cargo plane with the hatch down. He said "Take the gun in the glove box and fire to signal him to start up the plane." I fired the gun and the plane began to take off. Jack floored it and drove into the plane. Then the hatch closed and we were off. Walmer's video diary: January 30th, 2036 At a cafe in Paris I saw on TV Hector's trial. "On January 17th, 2036 the personal hitman of the late Madame President Kennedy Fry, Johann Hapsburg has been convicted for the murder his own employer. It turns out that his real name is Hector Blackwood. We have picture here to show his true identity. We now have live footage of the trial going on now." Judge: Hector Blackwood, you are convicted guilty for the murder of our late president Kennedy Fry. This normally would mean you would be sent back to California and be administered the gas chamber. But due to your acts of valor; you are sentence to life in the Texas State Penitentiary. Do you have any last words? Hector Blackwood: No sir. Well that is powerful stuff. Coming up after the break; is the government tracking the amount condoms and pornography you buy? More after the break." I turned toward Jack and said "we have to bust him out. He'll be killed or raped for sure!" Jack shook his head "me and Hector talked about what would happen of one of us theoretically went to prison. Statistics show that being killed is almost immediately, but he can help himself. As for rape, it is either one week from being transferred or one month. Seeing as he's a major "killer" he would be spotted for someone to come after him. We have four days then to produce an army and bust him out. Then make it back here to plan for our rescue of Kennedy." I agreed and we left the cafe. Being undercover I removed my fatigues and put on an orange cardigan with a charcoal dress shirt and navy blue slacks. Jack was more formal, he wore a black tuxedo made from Egyptian silk. "All right the Nigerians say that they can gives us 10 guys. So all you and me need to do is bust him out. Lets head back to the plane and head for Nigeria." Blackwood's log: January 27th, 2036 I have arrived at the Texas State Penn. I can't believe the government me and Alex fought for considers us terrorists. Me and Jack looked at prison statistics and any accounts of murder in prison is supposed to happen almost immediately. But rape only happens a week or a month after imprisonment. But looking around the rec. yard there was a sign of respect for the fact that I "killed" the President. But rape can happen next week by anybody. The reason it happens in a week is so that there is less suicide in prison. The prisoners except it more when they have the illusion that their time in prison will be safe, but it won't. Blackwood's log: January 30th, 2036 I have been here for three days and have found only one possible weapon of self defense. Now this is a maximum security prison so anything can happen only in the showers, or the rec. yard. I have to hope for the best in the showers, since I am more agile than most of the other prisoners. I feel confident in safety there. As for the rec. yard I found that there are sixteen barred windows the yard. There is one bar that has well rusted from both ends if needed I could just easily rip it off. Walmer's video diary: February 3rd, 2036 Me, Jack, and 10 Nigerian soldiers were flying three hours away from the Penitentiary. "Alright Alex you suited up?" Asked Jack co- flying in the cockpit. I walked in back in my fatigues, "yeah I'm all set." Jack got up and gave me a suit case, "we can't kill anyone, because it is actually terrorism. In the case is an MP7 customized with tranquilizer bullets. This makes it just a prison break and not a massacre." I nodded and began loading up the gun. Blackwood's log: February 3rd, 2036 My day of reckoning is upon me, a lot of the prison hangs have been eyeing me in the showers. Right now I'm in the rec. yard, sitting on the ground near the window. A few minutes pass by when a group of black men walked up to me. I stood up and waited for their approach. The leader of the gang said "so you've been here for a week. I think it's time for a wedding, seeing as my last husband... Ah took a lead pile to the Adam's apple. So I need a new boy and your my type." I replied "you don't want me. Remember I killed the president." The guy smiled and said "yah that don't mean nothing here." He took a step at me, so I punched him in the nose causing it to break. I then turned around and ripped the bar off. The guy shouted to his gang. "Get him!" One guy threw a punch at me and I dodged it. Then I used the lead pipe and swung it into his temple. Causing him to fall to the ground. More guys came for me, but an explosion demolishing the Eastern wall, the men fell to their knees as did I. Then I heard pellet shooting sounds and everyone, but me fell to the ground. I looked up and saw a six wheeled tank with Jack Smith and Alex on top. Blackwood's log: February 13th, 2036 Jack informed me that Kennedy wasn't dead, and that we can save her. So me, Alex, Jack, and the Nigerians flew back to Paris and began discussing plans. "Ok, most likely Kennedy is in Moscow. Seeing that Yakov Rasputin hasn't budged from that city for weeks. So we need to get there." Said Jack. "How do you propose we get Kennedy from the Russians?" asked Alex. Jack replied "we will recreate the mission you and Hector did at the MSS building. Three of our Nigerian friends will mow down a shopping mall. Then while that happens one other will set off a Davy Crockett three blocks from the Russian government building. While this happens you, Hector, and the other four will parachute threw the top of the building and shoot your way to Kennedy. There you will evacuate the building through the back. I will be getaway, so any questions?" None said anything, so we left for the airport to leave for Russia. Blackwood's log: February 21st, 2036 In the plane was me, Alex, and the four Nigerians. Jack drove the others to Moscow, for the diversions. The Nigerians were armed with AK- 47's, Alex his Scar- L and an MP412, and for me Jack gave me a replacement mask, hat, trench coat, pocket pistols, and .357 magnum. At 900 hours one of the Nigerians said to me "sir we are at our destination." I nodded and me and Alex grabbed our parachutes. The pilot said on the intercom "jump in 5...4...3...2..1... JUMP!" We then made our descent to the Moscow government building. In midair we could here police cars driving South, most likely from the mall invasion. Hundred more feet later we deployed out parachutes. 10 minutes later we landed on the roof. As we landed we heard the Davy Crocket. Making more police cars drive away from the building. "All right guys when we go through the building search everywhere for the President. Lets move!" Shouted Alex. I pulled out my pocket pistols and ran into the rooftop door. At the bottom of the stairs was the top floor. Leading to three elevators at the end of the hallway. I said "ok guys get into groups of two and each of us get into an elevator." Me and Alex paired up and went down to the B4 floor. When the elevator opened up we saw six Russians playing Snooker. They looked up and pulled out their guns. But me and Alex fired before they could, leaving them dead. We looked around to find no one else in the room. But Yakov Rasputin made an announcement on an intercom. "Hello you two, I guess you found out that we stole your President. Well that doesn't mean anything. We still have her and will do terrible things if you two don't... Ahhhhh!..." We heard gunshots, then another voice came through. It was one of the Nigerians, "sirs we found the President. She's on the 2nd floor !" "Let's go!" Said Alex. At the 2nd floor we found Kennedy tied up, but not appearing to be harmed. As we walked up a Nigerian cut her loose, she got up and said "thank God you two found me!" Before warm welcomes could be made, bullets were shot through the windows, but I ducked and Alex tackled Kennedy to keep her safe. I shouted "We have to move to the back entrance, lets go!" We crawled through the elevator and went down to the 1st floor. Down there more cops and soldiers ran into the building, one of the Nigerians shouted "go we will hold them off." Me and Alex saluted them and ran out the back with Kennedy. Jack Smith was parked in the alley in a white windowless van. He shouted "get in the back!" Kennedy got in the passenger's seat and me and Alex got in the back. Jack drove out onto the main road. Almost immediately cop cars drove after us. Kennedy said "we need to shoot the cars!" Jack said "Alex! Reach into the case in the center of van." Alex opened up the case revealing a mini gun. He set up the gun and I opened the doors. 3 cop cars were speeding for us. Alex began rapid fire causing the cars to blow up. Also in the case was a China Lake grenade launcher. I peered around Alex and launched grenades at the cars. Jack drove toward the Russian International Airport. The cop cars kept coming. Even one me and Alex ran out of ammunition. Armed guards on the rooftops of the airport fired at us. Jack said "Kennedy theres a gun in the glove compartment can you shoot?" Kennedy opened the glove box to find an Uzi. She rolled down the window and sprayed bullets towards the snipers. They evaded the bullets, while Jack drove onto the runway. Jack shouted "Kennedy fire the gun into the air." Kennedy did as she was told. A cargo plane began to drive away from us, Jack floored it to ramp the plane hatch. The plane flew away, but fighter jets came for us. We would've been doomed, but the cargo plane was designed to go to higher altitudes. The pilot flew us into the jet streams. We immediately picked up speed, and flew for America. Blackwood's log: March 1st, 2036 The jets stayed 500 ft. below us, until we reached the international date line. The pilot flew us to D.C. And me, Jack, and Alex took Kennedy to the White House, just in time for the inauguration ceremony for Vice President Kni Zang. We ran up to the stage only to be stopped by White House security. "Stop them!" One of the agents shouted. As we were apprehended, Kennedy shouted "I am Kennedy Fry! President of these United States of America! These men saved me from the tyranny of Yakov Rasputin. Let us go!" Kni Zang saw us and said "People of America... Our President has returned!" The agents let us go and Kennedy walked on stage. She announced "My fellow Americans. A mere 2 months ago I was captured by Russian spies. Luckily I was saved by Jack Smith, Alex Walmer, and Hector Blackwood, code named: Johan Hapsburg. We cannot let this be repeated. So I call to congress to drop nuclear bombs on Russia, if we don't we will face utter destruction. People of America do you agree with me?" The crowd cheered for the return of their President and Congress allowed for twenty planes to fly to Russia to unleash nuclear bombs onto Russia. As the aftermath the U.N. recovered any surviving citizens from the Asian continent. Deradiates them and sends them to refugee shelters to safe parts of the world. At March 17th, 2036 Madame President Kennedy Fry presented Me, Alex, and Jack the Medal of Honor. After the end of the Third World War me and Alex were offered permanent resident in the White House. Due to the fact that the war was over Kennedy never needed us as personal hitmen. She just kept us around as a precaution. Alex became a robotics engineer for he Army and I became manager of the Watergate hotel. Someday Asia will become habitable once more. The End 


End file.
