


A Story of Mischief and Disease

by 1819



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Romance
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2011-08-29
Updated: 2011-08-29
Packaged: 2018-09-11 12:24:43
Rating: T
Chapters: 1
Words: 755
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2947783/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/768876/1819
Summary: When you think you're a normal teenager just trying to graduate highschool and have some fun along the way you get tricked, and cheated.   Alice thought she was normal, then she gets thrown into something much bigger than a crush on an older man.





	

Songs that go along with this story are:

No sound but the wind- editors turned to real life - shiny toy guns requiem for a dream - Clint Mansell

* * *

 **A Story of Mischief and Disease**

Have you ever experienced one of those moments in your life when your stomach feels completely empty, your face burns from a blush, and one strong gust of wind could blow you away. Then, suddenly, your bowels move with such intensity that you break out in a sweat and the world around you crumples away into dust. All is quiet, you're surrounded by blackness. The mask that covered everything you believed to be true falls away and you are left with worthless insecurities.

I had spent my entire morning taking "Am I in Love?" quizzes. I can't believe that one night, a night of passion and love could have caused me to do this. Me, the most pure child alive spent one night showing someone how much I loved them and now I'm invested with this disease. This disease called love. FML.

He had been the most mysterious, dark and handsome man I had ever encountered. His tall, thin body was scared into my mind. I had met him at the mental research institution. I was collecting information on the criminally insane in order to pursue my career as a psychologist. I had accidently stumbled into the cancer research facility and found him deeply staring into a microscope, wearing a long white lab coat. The passion he felt for his studies was so overwhelming I couldn't look away from him. From my position I could tell he was a few years older than me, about 25. His hair lay loosely on his shoulders, glistening a dark black which complemented his pale shin.

Suddenly aware that someone was watching him he tilted his head towards me. He showed no emotion as he coolly started my body up and down. I felt my blush but I knew it wasn't showing. My olive skin never gave away my emotions, I don't think I've ever seen my face red.

"Would you like to take a look?" he questioned. I tried to answer quickly but his voice had startled me. He had a British accent and a low, rough, deep voice. It was the most beautiful thing I have heard.

Without responding I stepped forward and gazed into the lens. I would have found what I saw more interesting if he hadn't been standing so close to me. All I could think about was how his body heat was radiating towards me. His hand brushed against my ass and I wondered if it was an accident.

"Do you like what you see?" he asked, muffling his chuckle.

I put on a brave face and turned to look at him.

"If you mean this myocyte cell, well it looks a little odd. Is it infected with something?" After saying this I prayed to God it had been the cell I had called it. I had recently studied heart cells in my Biology 12 class and that was the only cell name I could remember.

He paused for a moment and simply stared at me. Oh no, why did I have to try and sound smart. I have no clue what I just said. "Actually, I recently injected cancer cells into it. You sure know your cells. How old are you?" He smirked at me and leaned in closer.

"I'm eighteen, thank you very much." I decided to play it cool and took a step away from him. Glancing through the papers scattered around the table top. He followed closely behind.

"Eighteen? You're not old enough to be a student, may I ask why you're here?" I suddenly stopped walking and his body collided with mine. He didn't move away so I turned towards him and gazed at his name tag. It read, "Dr. Paxon, Head Cancer Researcher."

"Well, Dr. Paxon," I smiled seductively, "I took a wrong turn but now it feels right." His eyes widen from the shock of what I had said. I intentionally pressed by body against him then quickly turned away and walked back out into the hallway. I heard his long strides coming after me before he spoke.

"Wait! What department were you looking for?" He called.

"Huh, oh, I was looking for the psychology department." I replied and as I walked away I seen a grin spread across his face.


End file.
