


The Holy Five

by 15tygu79



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Sci-Fi
Language: English
Status: Completed
Published: 2014-01-15
Updated: 2014-01-15
Packaged: 2018-10-21 13:18:49
Rating: K+
Chapters: 1
Words: 5,997
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/3176674/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/959844/15tygu79
Summary: Five Brave Warriors fight in WW3 to stop the Tyranny of both sides.





	The Holy Five

Prologue  
Back in the times of Vikings in Scandinavia, the mightiest of the Vikings was a warrior named Gunni. He rode with an army to a place known as Erie. The land they lived in was the northernmost of the island, which gained the name later Gunni's offspring did illegal activities and was shipped to the New World. They became indentured servants. So they were enslaved for ten long years. After that horrid decade they didn't trust their slave owners; so after being freed they ran to the hills known as the Appalachian the year of 1916 the relatives that stayed in Northern Ireland started an army known as the Irish Republican Army (IRA).The IRA fought a country called England. England controlled Northern Ireland and the IRA wanted independence. Unfortunately they lost, but became one of the most feared armies in history for their lack of remorse and guerilla in America (The New World) in 1812 English troops entered the Appalachia when guerilla warfare was a long lost art. But when the indentured servants that were Gunni's offspring ran to the hills they learned it since at that time was America was at war. So people fought that way back then. So Gunni's offspring brought guerilla warfare back when four men took out a whole English the year 2045 in America a new era shall rise for Gunni's clan.  
Ch. 1  
In a hospital room a baby is being born. The year is 2024. "Come on Rhonda!" said the father of this child.  
"I am trying… he he… Algy!" shouted Rhonda.  
A doctor came by and said "The child should come out in a minute mam. You are fully dilated." Being for this troublesome night Algy or his full name Algernon was quite relieved. He wasn't prepared for a child, but ever since he figured out his wife was pregnant he had a feeling something great will come from this child. "Ahahhhhh" "wa wa" came screams from the room. The doctor said "It's a boy sir."  
"It's a boy… Rhonda a beautiful baby boy" said Algernon. "Wow we did it finally a legacy for us." Said Rhonda.  
Ch. 2  
The year is 2034 during the time the baby was born. Rhonda and Algernon decided to name their child Neo Gunni (New Gunni). For they knew he was going to do great things. At their home in San Cazador, Virginia Algernon was teaching Neo Gunni the art of tai chi. "All right son tai chi is a simple martial art. It can be used for meditation and it can be used for combat." Said Algernon.  
"Ok Dad, but how is this for both meditating and fighting?" asked Neo Gunni. "Well if you do it slow like this, and do deep breaths it can relax you. But if you do it fast… like ttthhhiisssss! You can fight with it" said Algernon. Neo Gunni was so excited he immediately tried his tai chi to fast, he did a flip on his head "ow" said Neo Gunni. Feeling ashamed his father just laughed. "You don't go all out from the get go. You have to relax first." After the day Neo Gunni mastered tai chi for it is just eight easy steps.  
Ch. 3  
The year is 2039 After five years Algernon taught Neo Gunni tai chi, Greco Roman wrestling, Boxing, Judo, and Karate. With this new found knowledge of combat Neo Gunni became unstoppable to anybody in his path. After being taught combat Algernon brought Neo Gunni to the Family Fallout Bunker. To teach him weapon handling. In the bunker there was beds, food, weapons, vehicles, and entertainment if the need arose to stay there. "Hey dad what kind of vehicle is that" asked Neo Gunni. He pointed to a flatbed truck with a tarp over the bed like how the U.S. army sent soldiers home during World War Two.  
"That my son is your first lesson" said Algernon. "What do I do with it" asked Neo Gunni. Algernon explained that is was a truck for war. He customized it during the second great depression in case of there being vehicle on the inside had a flip steering wheel that could switch to autopilot and can you a built in turret at the front grill of the truck and in the rear bumper. There was a small attached to the glove compartment. Which could be used for global positioning, communicating, and for targeting the mortar cannon concealed in the roof of the the bed was two turrets that shot from the sides of the bed when the flaps of the overhead tarp was open. At the end of the instruction Neo Gunni was half asleep. Algernon said "do you wanna take it for a ride?"  
Neo Gunni immediately woke up and said "Yes!"After three hours of driving Neo Gunni settled down. Heading home Neo Gunni asked " will I have to fight in the truck dad?"  
"Yes I think so" replied Algernon.  
Ch. 4  
The year is 2045 Due to high prices in oil the United States joined forces with Italy and Germany. This alliance became known as the Fourth fourth Reich became a fascist triarchy of power. The three countries fought against Russia, China, and Canada. Their super power became known as the Central Powers Part at San Cazador, Virginia Neo Gunni was at his father's death bed. "I am dying son" said Algernon. If it wasn't for years of training Neo Gunni would have been bawling his eyes out, but Neo Gunni still hurt knew that Neo Gunni would be on his own and had to stop this World War Three. He got up and went to a wheelchair and said "Son I am very proud of you need to show you what your training was for. They went and found a small vault in his father's study.  
"What are we looking for Dad?" asked Neo Gunni.  
"We are getting your gear for greatness" said handed Neo Gunni an outfit of blue Levi jeans, a plaid shirt with the sleeves ripped off, a white muscle shirt, a Budweiser net hat, a camo bandana, a pair of brown leather work boots, and a pair of black aviator sunglasses. "Put this on son" said Algernon. After neo Gunni put on the clothes he handed him holsters and told him to put them on Algernon handed him weapons. He handed him two 10 mm. submachine guns that were holstered to his waist, he was handed a 12 gauge shotgun and a machete to be holstered to his back, he also was handed a bowie knife to be strapped to his bottom left leg, a buck knife clipped to his belt, and a 9 mm. pistol stuck in his waist band. Neo Gunni said "what am I having these weapons for?"  
Algernon said "you are chosen in our family to stop this man made apocalypses. To allow the one created by God!"  
After a few minutes Neo Gunni said "I accept your request it will be done thoroughly." Algernon took Neo Gunni to the Family Fallout Bunker "I called two of your cousins to help you. Solomon and Earnest" said Algernon. Neo Gunni watched the two individuals. He knew who they were: Solomon from their homeland Northern Ireland a priest. Was taught the art of combat like Neo Gunni. He wore a brown cloak with a cross across his chest, he had his hood up, but had a buzz cut like Neo Gunni. He was armed with an Irish hunting knife, a cross that had a blade on the end, but using springs and pistons shot the blades, he had two gauntlets on his wrists that contracted and extracted to be concealed. They could also be shot as a last resort, his final weapon was the word of God. (His Bible).Earnest was an Englishman that looked like he was from the 1960's. Which made sense since Carnaby Street was back in business with trends of the olden days. He was only armed with a 9mm. pistol and a set of lock picks."Nice to meet you guys" said Neo Gunni. "Great to meet you to" said Solomon. "Yeah this meeting is here's groovy baby!" said Earnest. "All right now I will be dead in ten minutes I will be sucked into the bunker's vacuum tube. So Algernon explained what they had to do and then died on that last sentence.  
Ch.5  
President Richard M. Johnson was in the White House talking with Robert Mussolini and Kaiser WinhelmIV. "All right how's our public opinion in the U.S." asked Johnson. "The ones not in concentration camps love it" said Winhelm. At this time nationalism was high. The most popular was being American, German, or Italian. Those not of dissent was sent to concentration camps to make weapons for the military, then used as target dummies to be shot with rubber ammunition.  
Neo Gunni, Solomon, and Earnest got into the Gunn truck and decided to plan an attack on a military base in D.C. "All right kool kats what's the beef with attacking this here base" asked Earnest. Solomon said "If we attack the heart of the military the Fourth Reich will be crippled." Earnest announced "That's just groovy yeah!"  
As they approached the base Neo Gunni driving, Solomon in shotgun, and Earnest in the back they were ready to attack. Solomon sent a few mortars near the barracks. You could hear shouts of panic. Earnest in the back on one of the turrets shouting "Yeah Baby Yeah!" Neo Gunni switched to autopilot and took control of the front turrets.  
As they raced through the base they found the heart and got out of the truck. There was heavy fire coming from all directions "We need to get inside!" shouted Neo Gunni. "I'll get it boys" yelled Earnest in reply. Earnest was getting the door open, Solomon and Neo Gunni had to fight back. Solomon got out his Bible and started to say something. Neo Gunni shouted "Are you crazy!" Solomon replied "Relax I got this" He opened his bible and started the Apostles creed: I believe in God, the Father almighty, Creator of heaven and earth, and in Jesus Christ, his only Son, our Lord, who was conceived by the Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary, suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, died and was buried; he descended into hell; on the third day he rose again from the dead; he ascended into heaven, and is seated at the right hand of God the Father almighty; from there he will come to judge the living and the dead. I believe in the Holy Spirit, the holy Catholic Church, the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of the body, and life everlasting. Amen.  
Then Solomon flung his Bible in the air. Then a lot of small four pointed blades came out and like in slow motion, Solomon pushed the blades towards each soldier and hit all of their jugulars.  
"I told you everything was fine" said Solomon, picking up his Bible. Neo Gunni was shocked "How did you do that" Solomon simply said "its simple tai chi and a hollowed out Bible." "I thought that was forbidden" asked Neo Gunni. Solomon said "I bought it without pages I can do whatever I want with it." Then Earnest shouted "Oh merry men, the door is open!"  
"About time" said Neo Gunni. As they headed in there surprisingly there was no soldiers; just scientists who cowered as they passed by. When looking through they saw eight atomic bombs. "Why do you think these are here" asked Solomon. Earnest went to a computer and said "well my dear Watson according to this tying tele' these are the last eight atomic bombs in the whole world. Neo Gunni then decided "arm them and we'll set them off when we leave D.C."  
They did as he said and blew the military base to kingdom come.  
Ch.6  
At the shock from the explosion the United States went in to panic since all of D.C. was destroyed in the explosion. Luckily President Richard M. Johnson was in Germany with WinhelmIV discussing their plans to expand their empire. Johnson radioed a luitenent from west virginia and asked "what happened to my capital!" "Three men in small flat bed truck were scene fleeing from the capital before the explosion sir. I am sending you a picture of them." Johnson saw the three of them in rage. "These three destroyed the capital of my country God dang it! What are we going to do!?"asked Johnson. Kaiser thought for a minute and said "These three are more dangerous than the CPII, we need to have them as our armies main focus."  
Johnson called his lutienent and said "withdrawl all troops from the CPII get those three in Munich dead or alive!" "Yes Sir" said the luitenent.  
Ch.7  
Driving along a Georgian highway, heading for Atlanta the three began conversing. "So i'm not one to be a stickler, but where are we going?" asked Earnest. Neo Gunni at the wheel said "were heading for the Atlanta airport. i know a guy who owns a cargo plane. he will take us to Northern Ireland."  
"And why are we going to Ireland?" asked Earnest. "Because we need a fourth member on this team" said Neo Gunni. After a while Solomon asked "who should we look for?" "We need a strong IRA soldier to help us he'll be a good addition" said Neo Gunni.  
As they approached the airport there was a platoon of National Guard soldiers were all ready there. Solomon said "Relax and head out towards the runways and watch out for planes."  
When they drove down slowly towards the runways there was no planes. Except for the one they were heading to. "They must have been expecting us" said Solomon. They drove towards the plane; then they heard shouts. "Drive these kats are on to us!" screamed Earnest.  
Solomon messaged the pilot to start take off without them and leave the cargo door open. Being chased by Hummers and Jeeps; they raced on to the ramp of the plane which signaled to close.  
Ch.8  
"Thank you so much" said Neo Gunni. The pilot was middle aged, medium build he said "Don't mention it." At the passenger section Solomon Neo Gunni and Earnest were discussing their ideas for a fourth man. "Hey i just got off the phone the IRA can't risk any soldiers" said Solomon. Neo Gunni said "then whats the point in coming to Ireland?" Solomon said "They had a guy who's expendable and said we'd know him."  
Once landing in Northern Ireland they drove to a pub where the guy should be. When they went in the pub there was a guy of medium build and wore a blue flannel shirt, ripped jeans, and a white muscle shirt, and had blond hair.  
Speaking in an American accent said "Hello I assume you are Neo Gunni, Solomon, and… uh… who are you?" "The names Earnest baby!" said Earnest. "Ok well any way I am Kurt Cobain I…" "Whoa hold up" said Neo Gunni "You mean the Kurt Cobain, the front man of Nirvana who committed suicide in Seattle?" "Yes that was a fake death. I wanted to truly stick it to the man. So I tried to join the IRA, but I am not Irish so I can only do small jobs." Said Kurt. Neo Gunni asked "what can you do?"  
"I can throw knives better than anybody in the IRA, and I can shoot a .44 magnum better than Clint Eastwood!" exclaimed Kurt. Solomon said only four words "welcome to the team."  
Ch.9  
Kurt was riding shotgun in the Gunn truck. "All right to destroy the Fourth Reich we need to find a set of nuclear bombs that will be able to detonate at once in the capitals of each country the Fourth Reich controls" said Kurt. "Yeah about that we did that with the last eight in D.C." said Neo Gunni. "Not a problem. During the forties, during WWII the Third Reich was developing time travel. The Fourth Reich is also doing so, but they succeeded. The first trials begin on Saturday, so we got two  
days to get to Berlin." Neo Gunni was amazed and said "How did you know that?""The IRA has survelances everwhere" said Kurt.  
Ch.10  
On Saturday the four heros got to Berlin. "Ok guys we need to lose the Gunn truck. Its known by the Fourth Reich so we need to be careful" said Solomon. They hid the truck a quarter of a mile from the city, behind a hill. Neo Gunni said "all right Kurt wheres the time machine?" "Its the in the catacomb of the Lufwaffe base" said Kurt. "Ok we need to go undercover. You guys see those soldiers running by? Neo Gunni take them out" said Kurt. Neo Gunni grabbed his machete and decapitated the soldiers. "All right guys gibe me you equipment." asid Neo Gunni. He pulled out a small white box and the top opened revealing a white light. Neo Gunni put everyone's equipment in it. Solomon shocked asked "how did you do that?" Neo Gunni explained that it was an invention of his father's. It holds exaclty one hundred items no matter what size. "All right put on the uniforms and lets get crackin baby!" exclaimed Earnest.  
Heading towards the base they saw scientists in radiation suits. Kurt who spoke german told them to follow the four. Then repeating what they did to the soldiers they did to the scientists. Heading towards a building a soldier shouted "Herkommen!" "What did he say?" asked Neo Gunni. Kurt said "He said come here." Kurt realized the soldier thought they were the test subjects and Kurt apologized and the four of them headed to they exeriment.  
Ch.11  
A german scientist luckily he spoke english said "Ladies and Gentelmen velcome to das first ewer time travel. zhese wolunteers have been selected to go back in time. We are only sending zhem back a minute to see if it works." Neo Gunni told Solomon to distract the scientist. Then told Earnest to set the time machine to go a hundered one years back in time.  
After five minutes the time machine was set and ready to go. Before they left the scientist said "remember you vill pop up in a random place on Earth so just find a way back ok?"  
"Ok" was the last words they heard till they saw everything was changed.  
Ch.12  
They all woke up in an ally covbered in snow. Luckily the radiation suits kept them warm. "Where are we?" asked Neo Gunni. Earnest got up and said "WWII 1944 baby!" "Ok heres your stuff guys" said Neo Gunni. Ne Gunni opened the cube and gave the four their stuff.  
As they walked through the streets they found a newspaper saying it was 1944 and they were in New York. "Atleast we know where we are" said Kurt Solomon said "you guys know people are staring at us right?" There was a large group of people with blank stares. Solomon went "...uh.." "Yeah baby were European super odels checkout our new french attire. Were the kool kats now!" exlaimed Earnest. They heard voices going like "ahh fashion"Going down Wall Street the four men found an army  
base set up to recruit soldiers. Neo Gunni went up and said "hello we would like to enlist, but ask for know training and no equipment, we are fine with what we have." The recruiter looked skeptical, but allowed it.  
Ch.13  
The general of the army known as Eisenhower; sent them to a plane to storm through the German lines. "Here we go this will probably easy" said Kurt. Neo Gunni said "don't get you hopes up my fathers said the Nazis were ruthless." When they landed their were thousands of American soldiers and thousands of German soldiers at battle.  
Neo Gunni, Kurt Cobain, Solomon. and Earnest blazed through the front lines. Neo Gunni going full out on his 10mm sub machine guns, Solomon using his bladed gauntlets and cross- blade launcher, and Kurt and Earnest back to back with their pistols.  
After a few hours of fighting the germans retreated. Eisenhower then went up to the four and said "you guys are the best soldiers I've ever seen. I would like to have you be part of the audience when Professor Albert Einstein reveals to the military the atomic bomb" said Eisenhower. Neo Gunni asked "Where does this take place?" "Manhattan."  
Ch.14  
"So why did we go to Germany when the atomic bomb is in New York?" asked Kurt. "None of us knew, because when we detonated the last eight we didn't have time to check the origins" said Solomon. Eisenhower came by and said "hello were here." In there was seven scientists and two atomic bombs.  
one of the scientists came up and Eisenhower called him "Einstein". Einstein said "welcome this is my greatest invention the atomic bomb. It will destroy ant size of cities to rubble." Solomon knew that to not change history and get two atomic bombs was to persuade them into making to more. "So where will these atomic bombs used?" asked Solomon. Eisenhower said "We plan on destroying Japans two biggest industrial cities: Hiroshima and Nagasaki." "Well if you do that you'll need four to make sure the job gets done. You drop two, then threaten Japan with two more" said Solomon.  
After a few minutes of discussion they agreed.  
Ch.15  
A month later the scientists built two more atomic bombs. At the bunker, the four guys were whispering to each other. "How do we get the bombs with us?" asked Earnest. Neo Gunni said "when everyone leaves I will put the bombs in my cube." "but how will we get home though?" asked Solomon" Kurt said "I got a return pad from the Fourth Reich scientist so we can leave any time."  
The four men hid until everyone left. Neo Gunni put two of the four atomic bombs in his cube. Kurt set the return pad to send them to the year 2045 where the Gunn truck was concealed.  
Ch.16  
Kurt, Neo Gunni, Earnest, and Solomon made it back ten minutes before they went to 1944. "Its good to be back baby!" said Earnest. "Ok we got the bomb. So now what do we do?" asked Solomon. Kurt said "we need to plant them; in Berlin and on mountains in Italy." "Why mountains" asked Neo Gunni. "The rubble from the mountains will rain down on the entire country" said Kurt.  
Kurt, Earnest, Solomon, and Neo Gunni head to a small area on the outskirts of town. They planted the bomb with a detonator that can go off when called a specific number on any of their cellphones.  
Ch.17  
Heading through France on their way to Italy; the four were asleep with the Gunn truck on autopilot. Then suddenly they heard a message on the glove compartment- netbook. "This is President Richard M. Johnson! I know who you are Neo Gunni! I have a proposition for you and your teammates. Disarm the nukes and turn yourselves in... or she dies!"  
On the screen shown Neo Gunni's mother Rhonda. "What the..." said Neo Gunni. Rhonda said "No Neo Gunni. You gotta save the world, don't let them trick you!" Then the screen went off.  
Neo Gunni stopped the Gunn truck. "We got to save her" said Neo Gunni "No you heard her she said he'll kill her even if you stop the nukes" said Solomon. "Listen I may not know his mom, or been with you guys that long, but his father is dead. We need to help him or he will be an orphan" said Kurt Neo Gunni was relived to have someone on his side. He then said "thank you Kurt. Guys I'm going for her, she ran off when I was a kid. She's my only parent left on Earth." "All right if you wanna go and infiltrate the heart of the Fourth Reich, save your mother, then nuke Berlin and Italy; you got another thing coming" said Solomon. Neo Gunni replied "Take the Gunn truck its made for the mission. Me and Kurt will go on foot.  
Ch.18  
Solomon and Earnest are driving towards Italy. They find a junction left goes to Italy and right goes to a turn around to head towards England. Solomon turns right. "Whoa whoa where are we going man?" asked Earnest. "Neo Gunni will fail to save his mother. You and I will head home" said Solomon.  
Ch.19  
With Solomon back in Ireland a d Earnest back in England; Neo Gunni and Kurt make it back to Berlin. "Ok lets get this settled first after we save my mom you find Solomon all right?" asked Neo Gunni. Kurt asked "where will you go?" "I will take my mom to St. Patrick's Purgatory. Its an island in Ireland protected by God" said Neo Gunni  
They headed towards the Women Concentration Camp of Berlin. There in the shooting range was Neo Gunni's mother getting shot with rounds of rubber bullets.  
Neo Gunni was angry, but kept his cool. "Here's the plan I will cause a distraction. You steal a vehicle and bust through the fence and take her. Then drive by to pick me up." Kurt did as he was told. Neo Gunni shot his 9mm pistol a lot of times in the air. Kurt saw a semi truck that transported non Italians, Germans, and Americans. Kurt snuck into the truck and floored it towards the fence Neo Gunni's mom was at.  
After Kurt broke through he got out dodging gun fire Grabbed Neo Gunni's mother's unconscious body and put it in the bedding area of the semi truck. Rhonda was barely awake and said "...Who?..." Kurt replied "don't worry me and Neo Gunni are here." "...ww...hat?.." Rhonda trying to make out.  
Kurt drove towards Neo Gunni. He was dodging off bullets waiting for Kurt. Kurt drove by and shouted "Get in." As Neo Gunni ran up a stealth soldier tackled Neo Gunni to the ground. "Noooo!" shouted Kurt. Neo Gunni shouted back "Go! Go! take her to your place!" Neo Gunni meant to take her to Seattle.  
Ch.20  
At the Berlin Airport Kurt Cobain snuck a plane with Rhonda. As they flew towards Seattle, Kurt set the plane on autopilot and called Solomon.

"Hello.  
Hey its Kurt, Neo Gunni is captured and I have his Mom; were heading to Seattle.  
Well I knew he would fail, but he can escape. Take care of Rhonda and wait till I call you all right?  
All right, but I hope he escapes soon. Bye  
Me too see you.

Ch.21  
Neo Gunni is in an interrogation room in the Secret Atomic Research Facility. President Richard M. Johnson is talking to Neo Gunni "where are the nukes!" "What nukes? asked Neo Gunni.  
Neo Gunni was attached to a shock chair and was completely naked. Johnson shocked him. "Ahh" shouted Neo Gunni.

"The nukes you stole!" shouted Johnson. "I don't have any nukes nor did I steal any" said Neo Gunni. Johnson shocked him again. "In the year 1944 Albert Einstein made four nukes for the first time ever. The original plan was to make two. But two of them was stolen by a man that resembles you, now where are they!" "I am not good with history. Can you say it again?" asked Neo Gunni  
Johnson shocked him again and said "I am going on a coffee break." Then from behind a desk was a man in black stood up. "Hello I am a stealth agent of the CPII. I presume your Neo Gunni?" asked the agent. "Yes I am what do you want?" asked Neo Gunni. The agent was loosening the harness' of Neo Gunni's chair and said "I need you to stop this madness. The Fourth Reich and the Central Powers Part Two are both bad. You need to save us." After being free Neo Gunni said "I will." "I will distract the President. You detonate the bomb. I don't care if I die this needs to end!" said the agent.  
Neo Gunni agreed and got his stuff. Then he ran out of the building and snuck through traffic. Then stole a car; then drove away.  
Ch.22  
Fifty miles from Berlin Neo Gunni got away and detonated the bomb. The heat from the explosion felt as though he was still in the city, but he kept going. "All thats left is Italy Father."  
Ch. 23  
Back in Seattle Kurt Cobain was in his apartment taking care of Rhonda. "Here have this you should be hungry" said Kurt. Rhonda just smacked it away. "No i want to see Neo Gunni!" said Rhonda.  
Rhonda was in a clinical depression, Kurt needed help so he decided to get help. He couldn't from Solomon he was preaching at the Sistein chapel and Earnest became a pimp at Carnaby street, and Neo Gunni was in God knows where.  
Kurt decided to find a next of kin. He got a phone book and saw under Cobain was a women named Clarisse.  
Ch.24  
Clarisse Cobain was a nineteen year old women. Who wore a Black Sabbath shirt with a black pentagram and a pair of ripped blue jeans. She made a living; living up to her grandfather's name by playing bass in a grunge band.  
Kurt found her at a Starbucks. He walked in and sat at her table. "Can I help you" asked Clarisse Cobain. Kurt asked "Yes do you know who I am?" Clarisse simply said "a wannabe Kurt Cobain." Kurt was a little offended for not looking the real deal of himself. "No I really am Kurt Cobain." "Yeah right my grandfather committed suicide in 1994" said Clarisse. Kurt replied "No that was a cover up." She replied "Oh really then why do you look my age?" "I was put into a cryogenic freezer after learning of a prophecy that a man will stop WW III and I am on the team helping him. If you want proof we nuked Berlin and D.C. and Italy is our next target" said Kurt.  
Clarisse pulled out her phone and selected an application. "Put you finger on this and prove your who you are." Kurt did as he was told and a bolt of electricity went through his body. "Ahh." Clarisse did the same and it turned out positive.  
"Told you" said Kurt. Clarisse replied "OK then I am joining or for what ever reason your coming to me now I am not helping." Kurt had no other option, but to agree. "OK I will allow it, only if you allow me to train you." "Deal"  
Ch.25  
Clarisse drove Kurt to his apartment. "All right my job right now is to care for my leader's mother. We saved her from a concentration camp and he got captured, but we knew he would escape and he did since Berlin detonated without me or the other guys approval." Clarisse was taken to Rhonda's room and Kurt let her in first. Immediately she screamed, then Kurt saw. Rhonda hanged herself while Kurt was gone. After her death sunk in Kurt called Solomon, then trained Clarisse how to shoot and how to throw knives.  
Clarisse now carries a .357 magnum and has a satchel case of throwing knives strapped to her inner thigh.  
Ch.27  
Neo Gunni was tired from running. Luckily he made it to the Sistein Chapel. Neo Gunni slept on the pews for a few hours. When he woke up Solomon was sitting beside him. "How did you find me?" asked Solomon. Neo Gunni replied "I didn't know you preached here. I just needed a place to sleep since i nuked Germany." "I know about Germany, I also know that you failed to save your mother she committed suicide while Kurt Cobain was trying to find a next of kin."  
Ch.28  
Neo Gunni said "I am sorry for my troubles I should have stuck to the mission. Call the rest of the guys and we will finish this." "I all ready have." said Solomon. He stood up revealing that Earnest, Kurt, and Clarisse Cobain made it there.  
Kurt said "hey guys I have a new recruit." Solomon asked "Is she trained?" Clarisse said "Hey give me a shotgun shell." Neo Gunni gave her one. Clarisse threw it in the air and pulled out a throwing knife and threw it. The knife hit the back of the shell firing the round. Fortunately it was facing the open door way.  
Neo Gunni said "welcome to the team." Solomon came up and said "while I was preaching here I over heard a conversation between Kaiser Winhelm IV and Robert Mussolini. Apparently you didn't kill President Richard M. Johnson. When you escaped and he realized it he immediately left Berlin, also when we nuked D.C. there is a propaganda bunker at the bottom of the what used to be the white house. Its indestructible which means its still there and the three dictators are heading there now." Neo Gunni replied "so its off to the D.C. ruins?" Solomon nodded his head in agreement.  
Ch.29  
Solomon hid the nuke in the D.C. mountains before Neo Gunni got there so once the five got to France they detonated the bomb. After that they stole a cargo plane and flew to the D.C. ruins.

Ch.30  
The five heroes got to the D.C. ruins. Once there Neo Gunni drove towards the location where the white house used to be. At the bottom of the crater the saw a white square.  
"Well I guess its now or never" said Clarisse. Once they got down Earnest opened the door and there they saw the faces of the three dictators. Instantaneously Kurt and Clarisse threw a throwing knife. On hitting Kaiser Winhelm IV and the other hitting Robert Mussolini. Then Neo Gunni pulled out his 9mm pistol and shot President Richard M. Johnson point blank in the face.  
"Finally that's over" said Neo Gunni. The five walked in and saw that it was a big studio for propaganda commercials. Neo Gunni said "put me on the air."  
Earnest turned on the camera, and Neo Gunni sat at a desk. Earnest shouted "Were live baby in five, four, three", (finger motions) two, one. Neo Gunni announced "Hello people of Earth this is Neo Gunni of the Holy Five. We are the ones who assassinated The leaders of the Fourth Reich and nuked the capital of each country. We implore the Central Powers Part Two, to disband or we will recreate this havoc on you. So Canada, Russia, China stop attacking or face utter destruction."  
Epilouge  
So end this tale. The Holy Five then went home. The Central Powers Part Two disbanded, and the hostages of the Fourth Reich concentration camps were free.  
Neo Gunni went to live in isolation in the Family Fallout Bunker, to train for impending doom.  
Solomon went to an island known as St. Patrick's Purgatory. He began preaching again. But senses an ancient evil underneath him.  
Earnest made enough money in the pimp game to retire at the age of twenty five. He currently resides at 222B bakers street. His neighbor is a detective.  
Kurt Cobain brought back Nirvana, after the legal disputes of his existence, and is touring again.  
Clarisse Cobain now is the bass player for Nirvana.  
Neo Gunni is dynamic, because he learned to be with a team and that its ok to show emotions.  
Theme- just, because propaganda says its a good thing doesn't mean it is. (Both powers in the war were bad, but people on either side thought they were doing the right thing. until five incorruptible souls came and started a revolution.


End file.
