


Adventure of kenji darkfire cahpter 1

by 00mariofan4eva00



Category: Action
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2011-12-04
Updated: 2011-12-04
Packaged: 2018-09-16 01:58:01
Rating: T
Chapters: 1
Words: 718
Publisher: www.fictionpress.com
Story URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/s/2976484/1/
Author URL: https://www.fictionpress.com/u/812647/00mariofan4eva00
Summary: This is my firest original story all my other stuf is fanfiction on fanfictio.nnet so be nice to my first try with orignal seting and cahracters!





	

Advenyure of Kenji Darkfire! Chapter 1 attack of the dark demmons By 00mariofan4eva00

Authors note: this is my firtst story thatsnot a fan fic so be nice! This my first time makeingup new carachters o nmy own!

It was a dark nite and only the moon wes enough lite for kenji to walk out side. Kenji likes to walk in the dark becau se in the night noone can see what a monter he is. He thinks hes a monster but hes rely not but he killed kids wehen the town was under attack from demmons so now he has regreat. He tride suiside by faling on his katanna but hes immortal so he olnly got hurt bad for awhile. "I shulodnt be alive this day" he says himself when he goes in the woods. He was hero in the demon attack but so mush innocent lifes was loss then day! Because of himAnd now he walks sad to the woods to see his falmily home when he grew up a thousent yers aggo. He is a thousand yeqrs old he got immortal when he was 17 and so he locks like 17. His house is a pile and it make hims sad hes parents died there when he was 50 because they got old. Today is the day he finaly runaways from the villillage fore what he done.

It was before the first paragraugh in the demonatack that I sayd. Kenji was alone in his old house after his parents was dead for all most a thousent years then he hears a sream from the town. He gets his trustey old katana that's 500 years old but still not rusty or is still shaurp and gose to the screamns. "look out kenji thers demmons" "then I will kill this demons with all my mite!" so he jumps up at attacks the firt demon in the face with a fast swipe acrost the face. It yels and hits kenji with a strong blwonthat whould kill a human but hes immortal so he jutsts laughes it. "haha u think u can tafeat me? Im ommirtal!" so he jups up agan and this time swops down onto the demons neck and cuts his head clean his shoulder. Thers blod and he goes to the other demon hes biger and scaryer that the other on he just killsed. It has tantacles make of shadows and a screamin skull on his skull and has a bodey made of black fire. "siley human evan if ur immortal I can stil take ur sole to hell and make you burn for forever in fire!" "that wald be ok life get boring any way!" he jumps at the demon and trys to cut his head of but he just puts it back on. "hahahah haa you cant kill me that way u got to put out my fire but you cant put out black fire" then he gets scare. O no maybe I cant acully kill this demon!" but then he thinks an idea. Because he remembers a idea that he can control fire so he can make the black fire into reguller fire and then puts it out! So he did that by take ing all the fire from the burrnining biuldiungs and puts it int the denom and then takes water from the stream with tellekennessis and puts out the deomon fire. "!" then he explosded and he was dead for ever and that's the end of that demon attacks. The hole town was safed "thanks kenji thwt was to close" but then he ses the dead bodys of children that died from the fire and explosion that kenji cause. "no im a monster I kils kids!" "no it was a acidend kenji u ment to safe them all and its sad they died but its beter that the whole town burns down and it dident so ur still a hero thanks!" "no you don't unerdstand im am reposible for ending a life to soon so I must locks my self a way for keep you all the rest off you safe" so he went away and only comes out at nite now.

Now its back to today and hes filally gointo runs away from town for the good off safety.


End file.
